NEG The book is disproportionally focused on single and multilayer feedforward networks.
NEG And though the book puts great emphasis on mathematics and even includes a big section on important mathematical background knowledge, it contains to many errors in the mathematical formulas, so they are of little use.
NEG The author hasn't even taken the trouble to put up an errata list.
NEG Finally, for the beginner there are not enough conceptual clues on what is actually going on and it is hard to form any mental model of the underlying processes.
NEG There are better books.
NEG I began this novel with the greatest of hopes, and finished it in an effort to fully understand what a really bad novel consists of.
NEU It is the story of a man in a mid-western town and a full description of every person he has ever met in the town.
NEG It held the promise of leading off into a sci-fi novel but didn't quite reach anything beyond the mundane until the last couple of chapters of the book.
NEG Reading the introductions to numerous sub-characters that had no relation to the plot (if there was one)was painfully boring and took up a good part of the book.
NEG The relationship between Michael (the main character) and Angela (a complete stranger he hops into bed with in the first chapter) is not only unplausable and mesogenistic it reads like the fantastic pipe-dream of a teenage boy.
NEG When the the main character finally reaches something vaguely interesting, the discovery of an alien corridor, he takes a break from uncovering it to go have a day at the art museum and shopping with his girlfriend.
NEG Note to author: Reading doesn't have to be as painful as a dentist appointment.
NEU They say to write what you know, but keep in mind that plot is EVERYTHING, without one you are just meandering about frustrating your reader.
NEU Readers of Dean Koontz's Frankenstein have been anticipating the final volume in the series for years.
NEG It wasn't worth the wait.
NEU Released late last month, Dead and Alive wraps up the author's modernization of the Frankenstein story four years later than originally planned.
NEU Reasons for the delay include Koontz's dislike of working with co-authors (both of whose names have been dropped from new printings of books one and two) to the effect of the real-life Hurricane Katrina on the story's New Orleans setting.
NEG Somewhere between 2005 and now, Koontz decided not to take the whole thing too seriously: What began as a pulpish horror/adventure story with humorous overtones has morphed into a full-blown farce, complete with a naked, dancing troll with a taste for bath soap and interminable scenes filled with wacky patter that would be more at home in a romantic comedy.
POS Only Deucalion, Victor's first creation from the Mary Shelly novel that served as inspiration for this updating, is still played straight.
NEG Detectives Carson O'Connor and Michael Madison are reduced to supporting roles, nattering on about raising babies (they're now in love), eating and shooting guns.
NEG A Three Stooges moment as they pursue a naked husband and wife -- one of whom has a 'perky butt' -- who are in turn pursuing a dog gives them their sole opportunity to use the guns they have been ogling since book two.
NEG The long build-up given to their anticipated shoot out with Victor Frankenstein is a dead end.
NEU They would have been just as appropriately armed with rubber-band guns and paper clips.
POS Koontz finds his footing in the final chapters, a Lovecraftian showdown between Frankenstein and his artificial creations inside a series of tunnels beneath a dump.
NEU He even sets up a possible sequel and makes a connection to his popular Odd Thomas series.
NEG But it's too little, too late.
NEG After 352 relentlessly padded pages (I gave up counting how many times Koontz tells us that Victor's creatures gain their memories through data-downloads), the Frankenstein series that began with so much promise limps across the finish line, a pale shadow of what it could have been.
NEU I used to wait in anticipation for the next Scarpetta novel to come out.
NEG After reading Blow fly I doubt that I will ever buy another.
NEG Its a shame to be forced to give this novel a one star rating.
NEG I think Patricia is simply milking the system on her way to retirement.
NEG What a letdown.
NEG Are her publishers totally ignoring the ever increasing deploring reviews?
NEG I truly believe that the end is near for Patricia.
NEG Please don't buy this novel because soon all the used book stores will have dozens of copies with hardly a page turned.
NEG Patricia, please retire with some dignity!
NEU Mortimer's 'How to read a book' is a 400 page saga on rules of reading literature, science, maths, history and poetry.
NEU I am sure that when it was first published in 1940s, it was the ground breaking first book ever that taught people how to read.
NEU Its analysis on different levels of reading and types of books must have sounded very revealing to readers.
NEG However, today, 60 years after it was first published , 'How to read a Book' doesn't impress as much.
NEU Since you are interested in this book, I will assume that you read a lot of text and are primarily looking for something that will : 1) Increase your Speed 2) Increase your comprehension.
NEG This is not the book for your goal.
NEU The book starts with the Goals of Reading and quickly moves on to different levels of reading (Elementary, Inspectional, Analytical and Syntopical).
NEU In a nutshell all that Mortimer wants to communicate is that there are 2 types of reading, one that you do for entertainment and one for aquiring information or understanding.
NEU In both cases, it pays to be an active reader (more in 2nd than in first).
NEU To become an active reader, you have to follow these simple rules: 1) Look for the theme, crux of the book 2) Look for outline, structure or organization of the book 3) Understand what author is trying to say 4) Understand why author is saying that 5) What arguments he gives to support himself 6) Arguments against what he wants to disprove 7) Terms and language he uses That's it!
NEU This is pretty much the summary of the book.
NEG He takes examples of Homer and Hamlet but all that Mortimer does is to add lots and lots of padding and useless words to drive his point across.
NEU It took me an hour to go through first 50 pages as I was really trying to give this book enough time.
NEG However, once I realized that there is little meaningful text hidden between tons of useless babble, I started speed reading and found that it was enough to read just the title of each paragraph and a line or 2 in caps.
NEG I raced through rest of the 300 pages in another hour and I haven't missed anything!
POS CONCLUSION: This book may be a good gift for your child (10 to 13 years old) if she has any interest in reading.
POS It could teach him some basic rules and tricks.
NEG But if you are looking for speed reading book, this is not the one.
NEU Having just finished a long journey through 'The Cloister Walk' I do not consider myself at all qualified to provide an objective review of 'The Psalms'.
NEG But the in-depth commentary on the Psalms, the saints, the Church, on liturgy and theology..and especially the people of the monastic world..
NEG which was so very prominent in her 'Walk' is missing.
NEU To compare is, of course, patently unfair.
NEG However, in my opinion a book's value is not in merely restating what has already been written, but in the creative contributions to and interpretations of what already is.
NEG This does not happen.
NEG Shame on the publishers!
NEG First of all, this book put me to sleep several times.
NEG Barbara Hambly is no doubt a good writer, but I think she would be better served writing romance novels.
NEU Every writer has his or her own writing style, but some styles are simply inappropriate for certain genres.
NEG Babara Hambly spends much time giving overly eloquent/poetic descriptions of the surroundings, moods, and thoughts of characters but hey, Star Wars was not meant to be Shakespere.
NEG It's obvious that she gave very little thought to who the target audience is.
NEU Don't get me wrong I love Shakespere, but I read it when I'm in the mood for it.
NEU When I'm in the mood for Star Wars, I want Star Wars. What's wrong with the plot?
NEG Well first of all she came up with the very original idea of an Imperial Super Weapon. Second, you know how many authors describe the difficulty of creating adversaries to give a worthwhile challenge for a very powerful hero?
NEU Not to worry, BH has a better idea.
NEU Very early on in the book Luke gets injured.
NEU Over the next 150 or so pages Luke encounters some very trivial obstacles (for a Jedi that is).
NEU About every 4 or 5 pages we are told, 'Normally Luke would just use the force to...raise the box/lift the door/open the lock/fool the guard/take the blaster from the Gamorrean/insert your own obstacle...but his pain keeps him from focusing the force.
NEG Around the fourth time I saw this pattern I got disgusted.
NEG What's the matter Barbara?
NEG Couldn't think of a challenging bad guy?
NEG This was a very cheap substitute.
NEG And what of the good old Jedi healing or pain blocking techniques?
NEG Oh but this hurt Luke too bad for Jedi techniques to work.
NEG Riiight.
NEG ;-) Final analysis: This is beyond a doubt the most boring book I have EVER READ!
NEU Of any kind!
NEU If you *must* read it because it's 'star wars' try to get a used one or borrow one.
NEG I would hate to see such a sad effort get enough unintentional support that they allow, let alone recruit BH to write a third book.
NEG Yuck!
NEG I thought at first maybe I had a defective version of the book but after reading other reviews, I see that our problem is normal.
NEG We had to replace the batteries after a weekend of play with the newly purchased book.
NEG The second set of batteries only lasted a week.
NEU It looks like it's cheaper to order batteries from the company.
NEG However, I found it very hard to enjoy the book because I really disliked the main character Amir. He was to cowardly, so childish throughout his whole life, whining and complaining through much of the 371 pages it took to tell the story.
NEU While the villian of the book was truly a villian, at least he understood who he was.
NEU Amir never figures out who he is until much later in his life.
NEG I never felt bad once for Amir, but I loathed him even to the end.
NEG And that's why I could not enjoy this novel more.
NEG I couldn't connect with the character the author wanted his readers to connect with.
POS I do not fault his writing style because it was quite an easy read and very accessible.
NEG Perhaps that's where the crux of the problem actually is.
NEG By having too simple a writing style, the author took some of the weight off a story that needed something heavier.
NEU Overall, this is a book that can be read while riding the train to and from work in a matter of a day or two.
NEG However, I do not recommend this, because the softy in me found myself tearing up on a few occasions and trying to fight back the tears as other people trying to get to work pretended not to notice.
NEU Why did I pick up this book?
NEU - because the cover caught my eye and I'm always interested in urban-fantasy novels where the main protagonist is male (since that's very rare), especially one from a female author.
NEU So that really peaked my interest.
NEG The Dark Storm is the first book in a new urban-fantasy series from author Kris Greene and while it does have some decent writing, it is amazingly generic.
NEG It's almost like what if you took a bunch of stuff from other books- a world of demons, agents of light, vampires, goblins, knights, werewolves and mystical weapons of power, blended them all together and weaved the story around the template on 'how-to' write an urban-fantasy novel.
NEG If this was any more by-the-numbers I would have sworn I'd read it already.
NEG The main problem I had with this book is it's characterization, or lack there of.
NEG There's just way to many characters crammed into this slim work (the story constantly shifts through multiple POV's), that I felt like I was missing half the novel, like it was incomplete.
NEG There's a sequel to The Dark Storm as there generally is with this sub-genre, but that's no excuse to have such a flimsy table setter.
NEU I mean you want readers to come back for the rest of the series right?
NEG Also, the two 'main' characters of the book, Gabriel Redfeather and De Mona Sanchez (and yes that's her real name!!)
NEG are so poorly formed as characters that they feel like they're cursory characters in the background, rather then the one's the whole series is based around.
NEG And they both whined and whined so much, especially Gabriel, that I had to re-read the earlier pages and remind myself that he wasn't a freshman in highschool, but already in college!!!
POS However, I did like the magic system with the witches, warlocks and mages all having different functions in the world, and how there are numerous classes and castes within each magical house.
POS I also liked the back story of how there was a holy war centuries ago between the forces of light and the denizens of hell, and how the ancestors of both sides are fighting over the souls again years later.
NEG But man, the most important aspect of the story, the very foundation the world is based around, the magical weapons, felt the weakest in the entire story.
NEG Their characteristics and attributes are never fully thought out and explained, their powers appearing more as poor imagination rather than weapons that can control the very fabric of the world.
NEG It's all just so generic that in 2 weeks I probably won't remember the story anymore and sadly I won't be coming back for the upcoming sequel Demon Hunt.
POS This is a really cool story.
POS I loved the strong, independent main character.
POS I also thought the fallen angel story was really neat, and I wanted more of it.
POS The cover was also very interesting.
POS I'd love to read a book written by the author in the format of the preface.
POS I was really enjoying that style of writing.
POS It reminded me of Poe in a Young Adult format.
POS I liked the strong vocabulary in this book, as well.
NEG Things I wasn't a fan of--the ending was to cutesy for my taste.
NEG Also, all of the side characters (particularly the mom, Vee, and the teacher) were incredibly flat and stereotypical to me.
POS I look forward to recommending this to my students who enjoy Twilight.
NEU Santiago of Spain vs.
NEU Anne of Avonlea It is an odd coincidence that I was three books into the Anne of Avonlea series when I picked up “The Alchemist” to read.
NEU I know that they are completely different genres but I couldn't help but compare the two stories.
NEU There were so many similarities in the characters and message, but the writings were worlds apart.
NEU I know that The Alchemist was not written as a novel and you can't compare the writing styles of the authors, but I'm just stating a preference here.
NEU Let's compare: Santiago and Anne were both educated locally until about the age of 16. They both love to read and have dreams.
NEU Santiago wants to travel and see the world, he becomes a shepherd with an inheritance from his father.
NEU Anne wants to further her education and become a teacher and is able to attend Queens Academy with the help of her adopted family, the Cuthberts.
NEU While a shepherd, Santiago has a recurring dream about finding a treasure near the Pyramids in Egypt. As a student Anne dreams of going to Redmond College.
NEU With the help of “good omens” both are allowed to follow their dreams.
NEU Santiago's good omens appear in the form of a gypsy and a king who help him interpret his dream and encourage him to follow it to Egypt. He makes it to Tangiers where he is robbed of his money and is forced to find employment with a crystal merchant.
NEU Hence he is delayed a year in continuing his “Personal Legend”. Anne is blessed by fate (and hard work) to have won a scholarship to college, but due to death and illness, she is prevented from going to college for a couple of years while she takes care of Marilla, her adopted “mother”. Here we come to a difference in attitudes between Santiago and Anne. Santiago feels cheated out of his dream and counts down the days when he will have saved up enough money to go back home to shepherding, thereby giving up his quest.
NEU Anne on the other hand, feels sorrow over the lost opportunity, but makes the best of her changed circumstances, and keeps her dream alive by continuing to study and believe that someday she will be able to attend college.
NEU After saving up enough money to return to Spain, Santiago finds the desire to again follow his dream and joins a caravan going to Egypt. Anne is persuaded to follow her dream of college by Marilla, who has found a solution to her healthcare dilemma with the help of a neighbor.
NEU While traveling to Egypt by caravan, Santiago befriends an Englishman who teaches him about alchemy, Santiago also learns much about listening to his heart and leaning the “universal language” of all things.
NEU While at college Anne makes the most of the opportunites available there.
NEU She makes friends, and is in tune with her own inner self and with nature around her.
NEU Good things seem to happen to both characters.
NEU This is the universe conspiring to help them fulfill their “Personal Legend”. Santiago finds love when he meets Fatima at the oasis where he is delayed in his journey.
NEU He also meets the alchemist who teaches him about the ways of the world and leads him to the Pyramids where he ultimately finds where his treasure really is.
NEU Anne also finds the love of her life also not where she was expecting it.
NEU They both find that their treasure was much closer to home than either of them ever “dreamed” it.
NEU Now for the differences.
NEU In Anne's story, the beauty was in the journey.
NEU She found so much to be grateful for every day, in every little thing.
NEU The writing of LM Montgomery was exceptional.
NEU While reading these three books (Anne of Green Gables, Anne of Avonlea, and Anne of the Island) I didn't get the sense that Anne was teaching me about pursuing my own dreams, it was just a natural consequence of the book.
NEG Whereas in “The Alchemist” I felt I was being lectured by a monotonous professor about how to achieve my “Personal Legend”, by nailing the point into my head over and over.
NEG Actually the phrase “Personal Legend” was used 55 times in this book of 208 pages.
NEG About once every four pages.
POS All of this being said, I appreciate the message of following your dreams in both writings.
NEG But personally I much prefer the writing of LM Montgomery over Paulo Coelho. I didn't come to love the characters in “The Alchemist” as I did the characters from Avonlea.
NEU So, if you go for lyrical and poetic, choose Anne, if you lean more toward simple and overstated, choose Santiago.
NEU Hmmm. Warning, this book is violent.
NEG Yes there is a war against evil going on, but decapitations?
NEG Blood spurting?
NEG Brain matter on spears?
NEU I don't think this is going in the school library.
POS I like the character Eragon and he seemed to be maturing in this book.
NEG I wish Paolini spent more time on developing his characters as he did with the endless battle (read blood and guts) scenes.
NEU This book was different.
POS I liked the first part.
POS He put into words my feelings when he said, 'I just want to love God' to the three religious leaders (Catholic, Muslim, Hindu) when they asked him why he practiced all three religions.
NEG I puzzled over the middle while he was lost at sea with the tiger.
NEG I didn't get the island at all.
POS But in the end it all came together.
POS By A Customer I checked this out at the library and thought it had good information about how to cut your expenses and the author convinced me to pay off my mortgage early rather than putting my extra money into the stock market.
POS The first few CD's are very entertaining.
NEG The last two CD's don't contain any useful information and are somewhat out of scope.
NEU For instance, in the last CD he spends a significant amount of time talking about why only one parent should work because it's better on the kids.
NEU He also goes on and on about how to be an asset to your company so you will get raises and not get laid off.
NEU This is the type of CD that you will only listen to once so I highly recommend checking it out at your local library and saving the cash.
NEU After all, you do want to cut down on debt, right?
NEU 'The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time' is a story of an autistic teenager who is excellent with numbers and has a photographic memory but lacks communication skills.
NEU His view of the world is simple: if it is not true, it is a lie.
NEU If he doesn't know a person, he shouldn't talk to him or her.
NEU If it is yellow or brown, it can't be touched.
NEU And nobody, not his father, not even his mother can touch him.
POS Mark Haddon's first book puts him in the league with great authors of our time.
POS The book is so well written and the story has been narrated in such convincing tone, that at times I had to make sure that Mark was not writing his autobiography!
NEU When Fifteen-year-old Christopher John Francis Boone finds a murdered dog in his neighbors's frontyard, he picks him up instinctively.
NEU That is because he likes dogs.
NEU The neighbor assumes he killed the dog and from there start's Christopher's long and arduous journey to find the killer and unravel the mystery.
NEU However, in doing so, Christopher finds more than he had bargained for.
NEU His simple autistic mind cannot comprehend why anybody would kill a dog.
NEU While the answer, which he uncovers by the middle of the book, makes no sense, it does bring him face to face with the surprising truth about his dead mother and that ultimately convinces him to travel to London. Now begins the story of a boy, a child, who hasn't stepped beyond his street alone but travels boldly all the way to a metropolis where even adults with all their sense and knowledge of the world can get lost.
NEU Does he make it?
NEU What happens to the killer of the dog?
NEU What was the secret about his mother?
NEG This is a very one dimensional book.
NEG The story didn't seem to be very original.
NEG We have all read books, watched plays or movies of handicapped children who undertake huge tasks and complete them.
NEG The book also fails to explore the relationship between Christopher and his mother even though his bond with his father has been explained well enough.
NEG Readers get no insight into rest of the characters who could have very well defined the nature of relationship between Christopher and his parents.
NEG Very one dimensional.
NEU Read a few pages before you buy it.
NEG Set amidst US presidential race, terrorist attacks in the middle east and 3 insignificant judges in a federal prison, the book spins a tale of political showdowns and prison scams that get intertwined in the most improbable but highly predictable way.
NEG The end just happens, as if the author is in a hurry to make it happen or lacks better imagination.
POS In this short but insightful novel, Daniel Quinn has created a brand new view of history of mankind.
POS Told through interactions of a master and his student, Ishmael presents a view of history in a very different, and for some the real, light.
NEU When narrator sees an advertisement in a newspaper that claims that a master is seeking students who would like to save the world, he is angry and suspicious because his past has brought him in touch with many so called saviors interested only in their own glory.
NEU However, for some reason, he still goes to see the so called master.
NEU What he finds there terrifies and surprises him.
NEU But as he begins interacting with the master, Ishmael, he begins to realize that this is what he had been looking for all his life.
POS Ishmael presents a remarkably different view of the history of mankind.
NEU While we, the humans, homo sapien sapien, the most corrupt of all species, have regarded earth as land to be conquered and ruled, Ishmael tells the narrator that other animals, inclding the older species of humans like neanderthals didn't die out, they chose to step aside in order to let nature take its course.
POS According to Ishmael life is not about winning or ruling the earth, it is to live and let live and this simple message is delivered in the book through some very logical anecdotes and analogies.
NEU I have read Richard Bach, Dalai Lama and numberous other religous and philosophical texts.
NEU I have found that every author presents his or her view on life and evolution and future of mankind.
NEU But this is the world according to him.
NEU What is true for one man is not always true for rest of us.
NEG Though Ishmael does present some good examples, I didn't find the text powerfull enough to convince me.
NEG Some explanations seem to be too simplistic.
POS CONCLUSION: Good book for readers interested in philosophical and intellectual explanation of history of humans.
POS This cd was pretty relaxing.
NEG I feel like a different voice should have been used though.
NEG The mans voice on the cd isn't very soothing.
NEG There are parts where it's quiet for a few minutes and then when he starts talking again, it's more startling due to the tone of his voice.
NEG Maybe a woman's voice would have been better.
POS It made me fall asleep the first night after using it.
POS I would probably recommend it to a friend.
NEU Did you know the Pilgrim's wouldn't have been starving if they knew how to fish?!
NEU I think he thinks we shouldn't over-fish for the sake of the fish- I think we need to not over-fish for our own sake.
NEU I think it is wrong to kill an animal unless you need it.
NEU What about killing animals that are getting in the way of your 'crops'?
NEU Such as wolves after chickens?
NEU I don't know.
NEU Hi! Right now I am reading books about the craft of acting.
NEU I am learning on my spare time at home about acting in general.
POS This book it's a great tool for beginner or mature actors.
POS I find this little book practical, honest and helpful.
POS So pick up and read this book.
POS You will be glad you did!
POS Mr. Lieven does an excellent job in his analysis of the Chechen conflict, but readers should use caution against potential bias.
NEU During his time in Chechnya, the author seems to have grown quite affectionate toward the Chechens.
NEU This leads to the Russians being painted as the villain (not that they are angels, but neither are the Chechens).
POS However, Mr. Lieven does provide a fascinating insight into the war.
POS I love his miniature analyses of the evolution of modern war.
NEU This book is not for beginners, but few Yale publishings are.
NEU Beginnners should look for a Chechnya book from a mass-market publisher.
NEU SHANGHAIED HEART relates the story of a 15 year old, Black, rape victim who makes the best of the horrible situation she finds herself thrust into.
NEU Poor and living in1960s rural Central Washington State, she has nowhere to turn for the husband she must marry, except to conscript a fellow high school student, an innocent White boy.
POS On the surface an unlikely romance, the story draws strong parallels to the coexisting US Civil Rights Movement: The Heroine: To all those Blacks who suffered abuse at the hands of others and developed strength to live through it.
NEU The Hero: To those Whites far removed so as to know little about Blacks and their situation, but who understand that justice sees no skin color.
NEU The Rapist: All those, no matter what their own race, who perpetrated injustice, violent or otherwise, against Blacks The Hero's parents: Those Whites who always treated people fairly, regardless of their race, and taught their children to do likewise.
NEU The Heroine's father: Those hardworking Blacks who wanted nothing more than to make the best life they could by the productivity of their own hands.
NEU The Hero's boss, the boss's wife, the College President, College Board Members, a Bank teller, Bank manager, Scottsburg Police Department, County Sheriff's Office, and the more minor characters are a mix ranging from virtuous to bigoted and vindictive.
POS Particularly touching is the scene in which the Hero explains race to his six-year-old, bi-racial daughter.
POS After a violent start, the story develops at a more livable pace, building the characters and events to climax in the Hero's gut-wrenching search for the Heroine and their daughter, both kidnaped by the sadistic, murdering Rapist. SHANGHAIED HEART's setting and plot give the reader an intimate glimpse of that era in rural life, as well as bringing home what it's like to endure racial discrimination.
POS Anita Diamant's superb book takes the well known story of Jacob and his 12 sons and gives voice to the women long silent.
NEU This work of historical fiction explores the experiences of the women in relation to their men as well as the relationships between the women.
NEU The first half of the book is the story of Jacob's four wives: their love for the same man, their conflicts, and the bond between sisters and women.
NEU Each month the women join together in the red tent for several days.
POS Rather than a source of disgrace, the book gives a reaffirming message of what it means to be a women and worships the ability to give life, which the mothers pass on to their daughter Dinah . As interesting as the relationships between the characters, the book presents a myriad of the religious practices of the time.
NEU Througout the book we see that the women continue to practice their own religious beliefs, until a dramatic conflict with Jacob. In the second half of the book, the reader is able to catch a glimpse of Egyptian gods and godesses.
NEG However, these mentions are often brief and may leave one wanting to hear more and explore the level of monotheism that was really practiced.
NEU The portrayal of Joseph is a far cry from his broadway persona and there is little in the way of explanation for why he has become the greedy selfish man that he is.
NEU Dinah's sotry ends with a bitterswee tone.
NEU After seeing her family from afar at her father's death, she receives some sense of reconciliation from the family that remains.
NEU After returning to Egypt, Dinah dies surrounded by loved ones and returns to her waiting mothers.
POS The ending offers some conclusion to the divides within her family and we see that life continues on.
POS This is one amazingbook about a man (Gary Paulsen) and his experiances with running the Iditarod dog race in Alaska. It goes through his nothing but humorous traing process, and then onto the grueling, tiring, painful race.
NEU This book shows how one man connects with nature and his dogs and how these dogs arent being changed by him, but he is being changed by the dogs.
POS He gives a great account of his loving (and obviously favorite) dog Cookie, the lead of his team.
POS He goes through the relationships with everyone he meets and his thoughts while reviewing for the race before it's start in Anchorage, Alaska. Paulsen is one of my all time favorite authors and when i read this I was impressed with the emotion, and hysterical hallucinations and I was glad that this book went way over my expectations.
POS I reccomend this book to everyone and anyone, especially those who enjoy the great outdoors and animals.
POS Nothing but the best!!
NEU Vicente himself observed that before him there only existed sophisticated guidelines on different aspects of human-machine interaction but no holistic approach that is fit for the engineer.
POS So he undertook the work and succeeded.
POS Building on known technics he refined and combined them to form a coherent framework that guides you from the first assessment to the final delivery, putting emphasis on the 'get it right the first time' principle.
POS In contrast with other books on human machine interaction the ideas of the book are coherent, logical and refreshing to read.
NEU The work is intended for big industrial projects, so our positive experince with a small-scale project is not representative.
POS Still, Vincentes book is not a cookery-book but on the abstract and generic level and capable of being used in very different enviroments.
NEG The only drawback is the use of the example microworld.
NEG I believe that most readers would have rather read about Vincentes experience in nuclear power plants with all its technical complexity than being bored by his fabricated and dull pump system.
POS The book carries you from the first steps to far into the language.
POS It is easy to read and has all the essentials.
POS With a proper dictionary like Payne Smith's Compendious Syriac Dictionary there is little else you need for classical Syriac. Beginning with the script and pronunciation it advances through pronouns, nouns and verbs in a very orderly fashion.
POS A lot of information is presented in tables which is handy for reference.
NEG The exercises are very basic.
NEG I recommend reading the Gospel in Syriac for further excercise.
NEU The grammar does not assume knowledge of other semitic languages, but given its compactness such knowledge is recommended.
NEU You should at least be familiar with the semitic verb system.
POS Luckily, it picked up in the end.
POS I definitely liked Kite Runner more, but I did like this one a lot.
NEU I think I'd recommend it more to my female students.
NEU It felt like a female author to me, based on the storyline and plot details.
NEU It helps to go into this one not expecting it to be anything like Kite Runner. So many people told me they hated it compared to Kite Runner, while others loved this a lot more than Kite Runner. Other than the setting and historical background, I think the stories are incredibly different, interest-wise.
NEG EVAN ALMIGHTY (2007) ** Steve Carell, Morgan Freeman, Lauren Graham, Johnny Simmons, Graham Phillips, Jimmy Bennett, John Goodman, Wanda Sykes, John Michael Higgins, Jonah Hill, Molly Shannon, Ed Helms, (Cameo: Jon Stewart as himself) Strained 'sequel' to 'BRUCE ALMIGHTY' with Carell's jerk anchorman Evan Baxter leaving TV to begin his stint as a freshman Congressional rep has his hands full when God (Freeman reprising his holy role; Jim Carrey wisely avoided the 'calling') demands he build an ark like Noah and the hilarity ensues (or should have).
NEG The Godforsaken sitcom-y script by Steve Oedekerk, Joel Cohen & Alec Sokolow is absolutely lame and only Carell's amiable persona transcends his vain Evan into something resembling a human being.
NEG The end result is a lot of bird poop gags and overall bloat (reportedly costing $175 M for the CGI F/X).
POS Sykes steals the show as Evan's sarcastic assistant.
NEG Sacrilegiously unfunny.
NEU (Dir: Tom Shadyac)
NEG BOOGEYMAN (2005) 0* Barry Watson, Emily Deschanel, Skye McCole Bartusiak, Lucy Lawless, Tory Mussett, Robyn Malcolm, Charles Mesure. Vapid, convoluted non-sensical mess of alleged 'horror' film about a young man (vanilla Watson) making a reluctant homecoming to face his fears in the form of the urban legend of the closet monster that may (or may not; frankly who cares??!!!)
NEU have killed his father years ago.
NEG Not one sequence to the next has a cohesive thought or relation to the other is just the beginning of this inept genre flick with some laughable 'creature' f/x to say the least.
NEG Just plain sucks.
NEG Producer Sam Raimi should be ashamed of himself for torturing us with this crap.
NEU (Dir: Stephen T. Kay)
NEG UNDEAD (2005) 0 * Arguably one of the worst films I've ever seen – nonsensical hodgepodge about a meteorite shower causing an Australian fishing village to become zombies with it's so-sure-of-itself-smugness incorporating (ok --- Stealing!
NEG Robert Rodriguez camera angles, 'Matrix' type pacings and Peter Jackson's seminal 'DeadAlive' to name three counts of plagiarism) far too many hybrids and quite frankly a real mess overall.
NEG I realize low-budget independent movies should be given some slack but the bargain basement bloodiness (while plentiful) is the least of this film's problems.
NEG There is no rhyme or reason to the film as it progresses and by the end it doesn't explain anything that has just transpired (or even attempts too!)
NEG I'm not even going to include the lame cast and simply say the directors : Michael & Peter Spierig should just give it all up and stop while they're behind.
NEG Atrocious!
NEG SLOW BURN (2007) * Ray Liotta, LL Cool J, Mekhi Phifer, Jolene Blalock, Guy Torry, Taye Diggs, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Bruce McGill. More like a simmering potboiler: 1995's crackling neo-noir sleeper 'The Usual Suspects' was in a class by itself but lately there have been some numerous copycats in attempting to glean some magic from its infamous twisted ending revealing who its arch-criminal Keyser Soze really was.
NEG The latest pretender to the throne is a horse of another color (and yes the pun is meant to be offensive).
NEU Set in the twilight hours in a no-names urbane city an ambitious DA named Ford Cole (Liotta, who is also a producer on this dreadful film) who is summoned to the police station when one of his younger protégées (and current lover), Nora Timmer (mannequin Blalock) has been involved in a lethal shooting after her claims of being raped by her assailant, Isaac Duperde.
NEG Adding fuel to the fire is many turns in this serpentine crime drama that offers about as much suspense as a re-run of any form of 'Law & Order': Timmer may or may not have been having an affair with the deceased assailant, may or may not know the true identity of the mysterious local kingpin and may or may not be involved in a convoluted scheme involving high-level real estate conspiracies with the aforementioned gangsta.
NEU Enter Luther Pinks (Cool J), who has some info on Timmer confirming she is not on the level and his identity is also in question (as is his purple prose involving his olfactory senses with laughable line readings).
NEG The whole lousy mess is indecipherable until it's cribbing of the final act of 'Suspects' for its own conclusion that not only cheats a smart, knowing audience but feels like a cheat from the minute one character is onto another with a fateful 'wait=a-second' glance and pause in his tracks.
NEG Although Blalock is a real hottie, the shameful way her character is depicted as either a 'sista pretending to be white' or vice versea as some sort of living-in-the-shadows- chameleon is only further drummed over the head by the ham-fisted direction by Wayne Beach in his debut as a helmsman and also the film's scribe.
NEG The fact he actually shows a real-life chameleon during several sequences involving Nora is truly eye rolling.
NEG It doesn't help that the film has been on the shelf for several year.
NEG That's never a good sign and another is shamefully stealing from a real classic.
NEU ZOMBIE STRIPPERS!
NEU (2008) 1/2 Robert Englund, Jenna Jameson, Jeannette Sousa, Shamron Moore, Brad Milne, Shannon Malone, Catero Colbert, Zak Kilberg, Jennifer Holland, Roxy Saint, Laura Bach, Joey Medina, Penny Drake, Whitney Anderson, Carmit Levite, John Hawkes, Jen Alex Gonzalez, Laura Bach, Jessica Custodio.
NEG Tongue-thru-cheek T&A and dumb-as-a- stump zombie homage mashup of sub-Cormanian sleaze that frankly hasn't a clever thought in its ripped out skull: a futuristic US government run amok has an experiment gone awry resulting in a horde of zombies with ap*ss and vinegar Marine troop set in for the kill, only to unknowingly transmit the virus at a nearby strip-joint resulting in the titular monster- mish-mash.
NEG The gore effects are a mixed lot with buckets of viscera for the masses and a hammy – cry for help from Englund as the germ-phobic flamboyant joint owner (!) and porn- star supreme Jameson as the first of the afflicted strippers (!!) You've been warned – although I did like Bach's 'assets' as the busty gung-ho jarhead (and sadly the only one who isn't nude!
NEG So a demerit there!)
NEG Written and directed by Jay Lee, heir apparent to Ed Wood for the 21st Century anyone?
NEG ROCKET SCIENCE (2007) * Reece Thompson, Anna Kendrick, Nicholas D'Agostino, Vincent Piazza, Margo Martidale, Aaron Yoo, Josh Kay, Steve Park, Lisbeth Bartlett, Denis O'Hare, Jonah Hill. (Dir: Jeffrey Blitz) Lame mix of 'ELECTION' and 'RUSHMORE' Why is it some of the indies heralded at such prestigious film fests like Sundance often come across as crass, self-involved, hateful pieces of turgid junk?
NEG I realize they can't all be gems but the latest offering had me grinding my teeth in deep hatred.
NEU Hal Hefner (newcomer Thompson) is a NJ teen who has a difficult life: namely his father has just left his family to fend for themselves as if he was going onto a better job position instead of total abandonment for no good reason (well maybe the mother is a bit of a clinger), and more notably a persistent, heart-breaking stutter that has made him a complete social misfit at his high school (and life in general).
NEU Add to the mix debate team extraordinairre Ginny Ryerson (newbie Kendrick), whose hyperkinetic speech is an obnoxious, grating device that inspires her to force hapless Hal to join the club in spite of his woeful absence of speech in general.
NEU Ginny has her reasons: namely she was robbed the previous year of the state championship when her partner Ben Wekselbaum (D'Agostino) suddenly froze in the midst of his patter ruining their chances altogether and sending him into self-exiled seclusion.
NEG While documentary filmmaker Blitz is said to have based this alleged comedy on his own childhood battle with stuttering, you could have fooled me in this highly mean-spirited, ugly and too-proud-of-itself attitude that I immediately disliked it from the get go and the cutesy touches (Hal's creepy friend's parents use musical therapy with a cello and piano recital of the Violent Femmes' 'Blister in The Sun'), the fact NJ (my home state) is once again a one-note joke (and um, shot in BALTIMORE!!!), and namely no likable characters (nope even Hal becomes a real jerk in the long run).
NEG I truly loathed this lame film and hope it doesn't get an audience at all for its attempt to be 'clever' by mixing elements of 'Election' and 'Rushmore' (in fact rent those instead!)
NEG Words cannot describe how bad this movie is.
NEG They try to make Humbert too sympathetic instead of a monster, when really he is a sympathetic monster, and that is the beauty of the novel Lolita, one moment you hate him the next you feel bad for him.
NEG Yes, Swain was too old to play Lolita but why, why on earth do they have her acting like a 5-year-old.
NEG Running and skipping and jumping and playing with dolls, by age 12 most girls are throwing out their dolls because they want to be more mature and are becoming interested in sex, which is exactly what Lolita was doing in the novel, she was smack-dab in-between the child world and adult world.
NEG I wish Swain would have remembered what it was like at that age instead of trying to over compensate for being too old by acting childish but maybe that is what the script required her to do.
NEG With all that said neither film lives up to the book but the Kubrick version gets away with more because he doesn't try to stay true to the novel, which is a masterpiece.
NEG No one will ever be able to capture the beauty of Lolita on film and I hope this is the last time they try.
NEG When you are sitting watching an action film and the only thing you can think of is, 'Well, at least a lot of stuntmen got work', there is something wrong with the film.
NEG In this film, there are too many problems to list.
NEU However, here are a few.
NEG Where was the writer?
NEG Obviously, the script was bought and the writer was not brought aboard to work on it as the film went on.
NEG The story was weak and beaten to death.
NEU Disgruntled foreigner gets mad and wants to kill everybody and cause worldwide panic.
NEG Wow. What a concept.
NEU Actually, if done properly, it can be a good concept.
NEU There were only a few things running against it being truly good.
NEU They are Vin Diesel, the Director, the production crew and the continuity supervisor.
NEG Unfortunately, all of these were involved in this film.
NEG The continuity alone is enough to drive the average viewer insane.
NEU From a GTO that can drive through Prague at 80 MPH (in the city), but can't go that fast in straight-aways to a deadly toxin that is rendered impotent by water.
NEG Water? Yes. Water. I guess no one wanted to do any research and look for compounds that don't dilute quickly and become ineffective in water.
NEG Am I asking too much in asking to SOME thought process while developing this film?
NEG Then there is Vin Diesel. I can guarantee you, he was a much better bouncer than he ever will be an actor.
NEG Does he have only one tone to his voice?
NEG It's okay for a short film or small part in a film, but a whole feature?
NEG It's like listening to Schwarzenegger, but he can do some acting.
NEG A body and a voice do not an actor make.
NEG Do you know who Jeff Chandler is?
NEG Exactly!
NEG Stay away from this film like the plague.
NEG It's just bad.
POS The only good thing is the lead female who is a Russian spy.
POS If all spies looked like her and moved like her, there would be chaos in the world.
NEG Unfortunately, it is not worth the $9.00 to go see her only.
NEG It would be best to get it on cheap rental day at the video store.
NEG Then, get a group of people together to pull money to 'share the pain'.
NEU Hey, $0.50 out of your pocket is better than $9.00. I'd rather watch Howard the Duck again.
NEU I'm going to go get a mint.
NEG Just thinking of this film makes my stomach sour.
NEG Spoiler Alert One would think a movie featuring Robert Deniro and Edward Norton would be good.
NEG I rented this film with high expectations, and I was completely disappointed.
NEG The film slowly led into some elaborate heist of some sword which was worth a lot of money.
NEG I endured the boring pre-heist moments, expecting a good final scene.
NEG It never came.
POS The only entertainment I found was Norton's portrayal of a mental handicap.
POS I laughed a bit.
NEG But besides that, the movie was terrible.
NEG The most 'exciting' scene of the movie dragged out for what seemed to be hours.
NEG The ending was disappointing.
NEU Deniro wins because Norton screwed up and told the old man he stole the sword, yet he did not kill him, thus leaving a witness!!!
NEG What?!? Come on, that was ridiculous.
NEG I can't believe Norton and Deniro wasted their time making this film, and I can't believe I wasted my time watching it.
NEG I give it 3 out of 10 (and that only because Deniro and Norton are two of my personal favorites)
NEG Why did I buy this one?
NEU I keep asking myself that.
NEG I tried her Latin dance video a few years ago and it was awful...and now this.
NEU I have been bellydancing and performing with it for a few years,and I knew better-but I had to buy it.
NEG Save your money and don't.
NEG First of all-you can't teach a belly dance video if you can't belly dance yourself.
NEG The first thing I noticed was that Kathy can't keep a rhythm and you cannot properly execute most of the moves-so it was a bad idea to have her lead this video.
NEU I think since Ansuya (Of Bellydance Superstars) was in the background, and was the one who taught Kathy the dance moves-that Ansuya should have been the main instructor here, maybe with Kathy Smith 'assisting her', rather than Kathy leading the video.
NEG Just to throw out a few examples of this-when Kathy was leading clockwise chest circles in the slow segment (lifting the chest up, to one side, down, then to the other side) she was letting her chest collapse to center between each move rather than holding it there.
NEG So, she was teaching a 'chest circle' but she was not doing one.
NEG She was actually doing a 'chest lift, chest slide, chest drop, chest slide' because she was collapsing her chest to center and not executing the movement properly.
NEG She also had trouble with basic belly dance moves such as the hip drop pattern where you drop forward, back, back, back...she was too inflexible in the hips so you ended up with forward, back, same, same.
NEG I understand that she is a beginner, and that she is not a belly dancer.
NEU This is my point.
NEG Kathy doesn't need to be a 'pro' to teach these basic moves-but these are basic moves that in my area are taught in the first 10 weeks of beginning class.
NEG Kathy should have at least taken belly dance lessons for a few months from Ansuya before putting out this video-or at least long enough to master the moves she was teaching in this video.
NEG Her snake arms were stiff and lifeless and she let her arm form collapse on the downward motion of the arms every time.
NEG Belly dance is harder than it looks-and sometimes it takes a while to fully grasp these moves and to do them well-you can't take lessons for one month, and then put out a video.
NEG This was not even the worst part of the video, in my opinion.
NEG You cannot belly dance in your 'perky step aerobics instructor' persona.
NEG I have NEVER seen a belly dancer perform and all of sudden squeal out 'OOOOOooooowwww!'
NEG This is something that has annoyed me in Kathy Smiths fitness videos for years, but at least it is okay for an exercise instructor to be obnoxiously perky.
NEG (although I avoid exercise videos by instructors like this) This is ESPECIALLY out of place in belly dance, however.
NEG You wouldn't see a ballerina or a tap dancer shout out like that in the middle of a number, and I feel that Middle Eastern dance deserves the same respect.
NEG I found Kathy's overall attitude about belly dance appalling.
NEG Her 'woo-hoo!'
NEG -ing and shouting...and yelling 'Yeah!'
NEG 'OOOOoow!'
NEU during the dance moves.
NEG It really felt to me like Kathy was in 'aerobics class' persona, just wearing a fancy costume.
NEG During the fast portion of the workout, it is almost as if Kathy can't hear the music.
NEG She has no natural rhythm, and frequently gets off beat with the music.
NEG What I found funny about this, is that Ansuya and the other dancers refused to follow her and this point, and continued to dance WITH the rhythm and Kathy is left doing her own thing.
NEG There should also have been a brief rundown of proper posture in the beginning before starting and there was not.
NEU It only takes a minute to do this...and it is important to properly execute some of the moves.
NEG Other than the moves she learned from Ansuya, I would venture to say that Kathy doesn't know a doumbek from a zil...or a beledi from a karshlima.
NEG Trust me...you want someone who DOES. To sum it up...Kathy saw the popularity in the Veena/Neena and Rania bellydance videos-and decided to jump on the bandwagon to make a few bucks.
NEU The only problem is that belly dance is an actual art form and takes a lot of training to execute.
NEG She took a couple belly dance classes and then put out a video.
NEG Sheesh. Ansuya should have known better than to sign on with this...because I actually think less of her now for putting her name on this one.
NEU I understand completely that this is marketed as an 'exercise' video, and is not a professional dance instructional.
NEG However, most belly dance exercise videos (such as those from Suhaila, Rania, Veena & Neena, etc.) are by women who have a lot of Middle Eastern dance experience-not by someone who just decided to 'make a video' on it, but has no experience at all.
NEU To teach Middle Eastern dance in any form-a real dance video, or an exercise video-you should know how to do it yourself.
NEU PALINDROMES (2005) ** Ellen Barkin, Richard Masur, Valerie Shusterov, Hannah Freiman, Will Denton, Rachel Corr, Sharon Wilkins, Shayna Levine, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Debra Monk, Walter Bobbie, Richard Riehle, Stephen Adly-Guirgis, Matthew Faber, Angela Pietropinto, Bill Buell. (DIR: Todd Solondz) RIP Dawn Weiner; Todd Solondz returns to the Dollhouse and then some Say this about Todd Solondz, he won't be making any Disney films anytime soon.
NEU The off-beat indie filmmaker, who came onto the scene 10 years ago in his landmark scathing comedy 'Welcome to The Dollhouse' returns to the scene with this sequel (kind of) to his first film masterpiece in angst and anomie.
NEG However something is decidedly lost in the translation of dysfunctional families in suburbia.
NEU The film begins with the closed-casket funeral of 'Dollhouse''s 'WienerDog', Dawn Wiener, who has committed suicide apparently so awfully that we cannot even get a glimpse of her as her sullen, nerd brother Mark (Faber reprising his role) offers a solemn eulogy, where their cousin is introduced.
NEU Solondz employs a gimmick of using an octet of actresses of different races, ages and shapes in his bizarre story about a pre-adolescent girl named Aviva (note the titular affectation) whose only dream to come true – to have lots and lots of babies – is explored at arm's length much to the dismay of her manic/depressive mother Joyce (Barkin in one of her finer moments) who is shocked when Aviva in fact gets impregnated on her first seriously awkward encounter with a neighbor's heinous son that leads her and her spouse Steve (vet character actor Masur) to force Aviva to abort.
NEU What happens next is Aviva running away from home to be discovered by a family of adopted children of different backgrounds and with some handicaps all under the roof of the Christian Mama Sunshine (Monk) and her evangelical husband Bo (Bobbie) – who both seem too good to be true with their altruistic intentions.
POS Of the eight actresses who portray the clueless Aviva, Wilkins stands out as the most memorable if not largely for her zaftig woman-child interpretation with her borderline gargantuan stature (the impression is of a giantess growing in mid-transformation with the sundresses nearly bursting from her ample body) but displays some real emotion in her confusion and dismay at just wanting to be loved and to love someone that makes her few moments on screen so memorable.
NEU BLACK Christmas (2006) **1/2 Katie Cassidy, Michelle Trachtenberg, Mary Elizabeth Winstead, Lacey Chabert, Kristen Cloke, Andrea Martin, Crystal Lowe, Oliver Hudson, Robert Mann, Karin Konoval, Dean Friss, Jessica Harmon, Leela Savasta, Kathleen Kole, Cainan Wiebe, Christina Crivici, Howard Siegel, Peter Wilds. Ho-Ho-Ho Horror Redux of a Cult Classic Not many recall the original 1974 cult classic horror film 'Black Christmas' directed by Bob Clark ('A Christmas Story', 'Porky's'), which featured Margot Kidder and Olivia Hussey, but the simple fact is 'Halloween' as the first of its genre eclipsed the film as a holiday slasher film a few years later.
NEG Namely the decision to give Billy a backstory.
NEU In the original the killer is never really figured out in spite of his trademark sick phone calls pranked on the nubile young women who anger him to the point of some truly nasty and twisted murders.
NEU The schizophrenic nature of the character is fleshed out to include incest and a twist that is best left unsaid, but for me I figured it out in the first few minutes of the film.
NEU For trivia buffs Martin – who appeared in the original as a victim – returns this time as the mother hen to the sorority under siege.
NEU HOSTEL (2006) ** Jay Hernandez, Derek Richardson, Eythor Gudjonsson, Barbara Nedeljakova, Jana Kaderabkova, Jan Vlasak, Jennifer Lim, Lubomir Silhavecky, Paula Wild, Lubomir Bukovy, Rick Hoffman.
NEU Eurotrash'd.
NEU In 'Hostel' a trio of horny college students traveling abroad in Europe are looking for cheap thrills in Amsterdam's state of debauchery by imbibing with as much hash and whores as possible until they get derailed in a stop-over in Slovakia where they are informed the women there are undeniably hot and bothered and the illicit means of getting trashed are theirs for the taking.
NEU The three buddies - two Americans, Pax and Josh (Hernandez and Richardson, respectively) and an Icelandic self-proclaimed 'king of swing' Oli (Gudjonsson) - find the hostel and more than they bargained for: two hotties (Nedeljakova and Kaderabkova) sharing their room (and bodily fluids before the night is over).
NEU The next morning Oli is nowhere to be found and after several cell phone calls get a few messages of their bud high-tailing it with no explanation.
NEU Along the way they encountered an odd Danish businessman (Vlasak) whose clumsy pass at Josh infuriated the young man to no end but the two meet again unlikely at the local watering hole and deciding to make international peace Josh buys the Dane a drink and some words of advice.
NEU The next thing he knows it, Josh is bound in his underwear to a hard chair in a dank dungeon and his drinking buddy with a tray of sharp surgical equipment glittering sinisterly nearby.
NEG I'm no prude but I think Roth skimped out on the Gran Guignol this could've been and without sounding sadomasochistic I like my gore to be buckets of, not a sponge job.
NEG The scares that fail to come are largely due to Roth's build up (finally) after nearly a half hour of lead up with unlikable characters whose sympathy we're supposed to gather by the time they meet their fates with grisly results when in fact the punches are indeed pulled.
NEG I admit the last fifteen minutes make up for the lack of ghoulish could've beens with gusto and self-righteous 'yeah' paybacks but the trip itself is unsavory.
POS While the sex scenes are plentiful (thanks Eli!)
NEU In fact if feels like a glimpse of The Gimp sequence from Tarantino's 'Pulp Fiction' (several scenes feel cribbed from this and could best describe the film as a whole).
POS Otherwise it is a somewhat gallant attempt to do what Sam Raimi, John Carpenter and others have pioneered in the late Seventies and early Eighties: horror with heart.
NEU ANNAPOLIS (2006) ** James Franco, Jordana Brewster, Tyrese Gibson, Donnie Wahlberg, Vicellous Reon Shannon, Roger Fan, Wilmer Calderon, Brian Goodman, Chi McBride, Charles Napier. (Dir: Justin Lin) 'An Officer and A Gentleman Lite' Annaplolis, the renowned US Naval Academy, is the subject of the titular film about a working-class kid from the wrong side of the tracks whose dream to become a Navy officer is fulfilled when he is offered a chance at basic training.
NEU The young man, Jake Huard (Franco) once was praised by his beloved late mother that one day he would attend the institution and become a man in the process.
NEU All the years of his backbreaking work with his contractor father Bill (Goodman) has him burning inside and expressing his frustrations by boxing at amateur bouts in town until one day he catches the eye of Lt.Cmdr. Burton (Wahlberg doing a mean Ed Harris imitation) who offers young Jake a shot at redemption.
NEU Once there Jake learns the hard way that it won't be a cake-walk by any means with an attendee Marine instructor named Cole (Gibson, seemingly miscast) who makes things hell for the recruits as expected and his hear on hold when he is at first shot down in a civilian bar by Ali (silky Brewster looking like a latter- day Ali McGraw), who turns out to be one of his superiors as well on base (and a boxing instructor to boot too).
NEU Along for the ride are the atypical stock characters - the know-it-all loudmouth Estrada (Calderon), the fat black kid Twins (Shannon) and the suck-up jerk Loo (Fan) - and quicker than you can say 'An Officer and A Gentleman' - Huard looks like he may wash-out but on his extended leave at Christmas time he decides to tough it out and get his props by shooting for a shot at a heavyweight division bout with - that's right you guessed it - Cole!
NEG If you can gather that this is pure Hollywood hokum formulaic military maverick wanting a chance to redeem himself than don't bother buying a ticket (or wait for the inevitable DVD rental).
NEG It's hard to believe this is director Lin's follow-up from his remarkable debut with the indie fave 'Better Luck Tomorrow' but if you're gonna sell out it could be a lot worse.
NEU WHITE NOISE (2004) ** Michael Keaton , Deborah Kara Unger, Chandra West, Ian McNeice, Sara Strange, Nicholas Elia, Keegan Connor Tracy. (Dir: Geoffrey Sax) Can You Hear Me Now?
NEU : The Movie What happens to the dearly departed once they leave this mortal coil is perhaps the most universally pondered query and cinema is no stranger in trying to come up with a significant reply.
NEG However in its latest incarnation the answer seems to be repetitive (ie we've seen it before).
NEU Submitted for your approval : One Jonathan Rivers (the always reliable Keaton), a successful architect whose second marriage to the beautiful and talented writer Anna (the fetching West) seems to be heading for nothing but good news when she announces she's pregnant moments before a photo shoot for her new novel.
NEU Sadly these will be the last fond memories Jonathan will treasure.
NEU Anna is killed in a freak accident while changing a tire she falls into the nearby waters and drowns leaving a distraught, grief-stricken husband who begins to question how can he possibly continue his life.
NEU Enter mysterious Brit Raymond Price (McNeice) who informs the overwhelmed Rivers that Anna has been 'speaking' to him in an ethereal device known as EVP (Electronic Voice Phenomenon) – communication thru the white noise static of audio devices and eventually a ghostly video format.
NEU Naturally Rivers is at first affronted and skeptical but then finds himself at Price's home where he is in the midst of 'session' with another begrieved client, Sarah Tate (the utterly sexy Unger).
NEU It is here where Rivers gets a sample of just what Price has been trying to explain which sets the plot line of the film.
NEU Rivers becomes obsessed and convinced he can make contact with his late wife and will stop at nothing – including his good mental health and further distancing from his first wife and child (Strange and Elia, respectively) in the process – until he stumbles upon some nefarious signals from the great beyond testing his thought process and eventually tapping into something that was perhaps best left alone.
NEG WHITE NOISE taps into many other (and better envisioned) sources of the ghostly genre including a score of old 'Twilight Zone''s, 'POLTERGEIST', 'THE CHANGELING', 'AUDREY ROSE', 'THE SIXTH SENSE' and 'THE RING' to name several off the top of my head.
NEU Namely how we the living try to comprehend the world of the dead and the afterlife (if one even does occur) and largely opening a Pandora's box of inexplicable evil while attempting to cope with one's own mortality.
POS Kudos also to a viscerally uneasy turn by the lush Connor Tracy (late of 'FINAL DESTINATION 2') as a blind medium in a scene that begs for more screen time development.
NEG The film however falls apart in the climactic final moments, which allows the next film in line to continue the quest for What Happens When We Die; only time will tell.
POS The only good actors in this movie is Willem Dafoe and Jackson.
NEG Without them, i would have left in the middle.
NEG 'Lola' is the worse actress in probably...the universe.
NEG I thought it was going to be much better.
NEG You have the new XXX (Ice Cube) who no matter how good is acting is is a pimp!
NEG But then you have the 'Lola' who looks like a man and the love between Darius Stone and Lola is sooo unbelievable.
NEU She gives him three cars totalling more than 750,000 dollars.
NEG And the ending scene on the train to me, i was thinking, 'that would never ever happen'.
NEG A lot of action movies have the unbelievability factor, but for me, i actually found myself thinking how bull***** this movie was.
NEG It has some special effects, but you will not leave the theatre with a good feeling, just a wanting for your money back!
NEU I thought that the original Psycho(1960) was a masterpiece.
NEU Hitchcock is one of the greatest directors of all time.
NEG This is the reason that this movie should not have been re-made.
NEG I think a large majority of the effect was lost in making this movie in color.
NEG I believe that it would have been a lot better in black and white like the original.
NEG But if you are going to copy a movie frame for frame, what is the point of making it?
NEG They should have just re-released the original.
NEU I is a really big Ali G fan, the show was absolutely brilliant.
NEG However, I is a little disappointed about dis movie.
NEU Maybe because I had such high expectations because of da Ali G show.
NEG Somehow it seems to be aimed at US audience, there just was too much jokes that was heard and seen before.
NEU but they has to keep it real.
POS 8/10 big ups for Ali. Respect!
NEU Conquest of Space came out about 5 years after Destination Moon which was another George Pal production.
NEU The story takes place what looks to be about 1965-70. Aboard a space station in orbit around the earth, a Captain and his son are in charge of building a spaceship.
NEU They are later told that the ship is to be sent on a mission to the planet Mars. Along the way the Captain gradually loses his mind and causes the ship to crash.
NEU They spend the better part of a year trying to survive until the orbit of Mars is close enough to return to earth.
POS Also, it is very similar to DM. Still it is somewhat enjoyable and features a diverse cast (look fast for the black crewman way in the back!)
NEU I'm going to be the exception to the flow of 'thumbs up' fans of this K. Bacon movie.
NEG First, Bacon decides to get revenge with little preparation.
NEG Second, he goes from a bundled up neurotic basket-case white collar worker and then becomes 'Jason Bourne.' Third, if that isn't enough, the bad guy thugs shoot him and obviously everyone in the theater can see he's only winged and 'they' leave him while exiting the house with nary a cop in sight while a patrol car sits out front with two murdered officers leaning on a horn blaring away.
NEG Where are the back-up?
NEG Then good 'ol Kevin escapes the hospital with great ease not to mention heading back to his house and several other places to prepare for his assault on the bad boys lair.
NEG This is only a smidgen of several 'beyond belief' scenarios that just frustrated the heck out of me.
POS Notice that I gave the film 6 stars and thats because it was a masterpiece in so many ways.
NEG Lastly, I felt betrayed by the ending that left questions unanswered.
POS IFC produced indie gem with great, subtle acting and impressive novella-type narrative with characters as the film's focal point: to wit, former idealized hippie Jack Slavin (a never been better Daniel Day-Lewis) who lives with his tween daughter Rose (bewitched, beguiled and bewildered newcomer Camilla Belle) in their shared abandoned commune he created with her mother (who left them when she was very young) on a small remote e 'island off the East Coast of the United States' (as the beginning title card tells us over the amusing 'I Put A Spell On You' by Creedence Clearwater Revival appropriately setting the tone).
NEU Sharing a very close bond the family has kept pretty much to themselves except that Jack has been seeing a woman named Kathleen (the always welcome Catherine Keener) on shore, and - more or less reasoning due to his heart ailment causing serious concerns – spontaneously visits her with a request: for Kathleen to move in with them, including her two sons from previous marriages (each from a different, deserted husband) – Thaddius (Paul Drano) a grungy, skinny 'bad boy' and Rodney (Ryan McDonald, suggesting a more intense with his emotions Jack Black ), a literate introvert 'good boy'.
NEU Naturally this sudden invite causes some alarm for all parties involved shaking up the ecosystem he has preserved and rattling the fragile yet rebellious Rose to no end (on the first night alone when the taken-with-cosmetology Rodney experiments on her hair with a severe crop she pulls a shotgun on the sleeping bodies of her father's new lover with a funny take; no one gets hurt but things get shaken up to more stirrings down the road).
NEU Added to the mix of the Slavin drama is Jack's relentless feud with local developer Marty Rance (a low-key yet pitch-perfect Beau Bridges), a decent well-meaning man whose pre-fab Colonial style dwellings are a major disdain for Jack who feels Marty is simply all about making a cruel dollar and negating the environment in general (which is Jack's true passion).
POS Written and directed by D-Day's real-life wife Rebecca Miller (daughter of acclaimed playwright Arthur), the film has a leisurely paced, lovely-to-look at feel (kudos to cinematographer Ellen Kuras - who collaborated with Miller on Personal Velocity for her beatifically lensed work including such imagery as sun dappling water, a twinkling of an electric storm in a blue-violet twilight and a dazzling full moon on a clear night) as well as a literate outlook on her characters and their interlocking both subtle (a painful look by Day-Lewis to his daughter's deliberate display of losing her virginity to Thaddius) and not-so (a snake slithering loose under the bed during the deflowering – loss of innocence etc.). But make no bones about it she is a gifted storyteller with some nice quirks (Rose's odd/funny/sweet attempted seduction of a highly reluctant yet respectable Rodney is one of the most amusingly warm-hearted displays in cinema of late that feels real).
POS I particularly liked a very early sequence with Rose retreating to the cramped confines of a pale yellow tree house , an envisionment of a metaphorical giantess trapped by her environs (Jack even notices and simply declares 'you're getting to big for me'), attempting to adapt the her Brobdignagian largesse.
POS While it is well acted across the board (Keener, again such a treat as a 'real' woman depicted on screen; warts and all) – including a smallish role by the usual gregariously laid-back Jason Lee as a local greens man who keeps the uptake of the Slavin's demands - it is a showcase for the ethereal Belle (suggesting a love child of Chris Noth and Jennifer Connelly) whose dark quasi-exotic/girl-next-door/angelic being walks a thin tightrope of madness and a desire for 'normalcy' (she even deems Keener's Kathleen as just that 'regular'); she is a propagation of sorts.
POS There is a certain magical charm that works between her and Day-Lewis that is both tragic and inspiring.
POS Keep an eye on this naturally gifted young actress.
POS THE ICE HARVEST (2005) *** John Cusack, Billy Bob Thornton, Connie Nielsen, Oliver Platt, Randy Quaid, Mike Starr. Black Comedy For Those Not In The Holiday Spirit John Cusack has always been one of the few actors who merit the Gold Standard when it comes to watching a film for pure entertainment and he excels with his good-hearted average guy manner in an unlikely dark comedy with another actor who is also in the same league of criteria, Billy Bob Thrornton (both co-starred in 1999's 'Pushing Tin' a sort of satirical comedy about air traffic controllers at each other's throats) and together they make a fine comic duo.
NEU The post noir plot has to do with Kansas City 'mob lawyer' Charlie Arglist (Cusack) and his acquaintance Vic Cavanaugh (Thornton) ripping off one of Charlie's clients, Bill Guerrard (Quaid), by skimming some $2M in change and heading for warmer climes then the titular weather condition that serves as a character in itself in causing things to get slippery in their grand scheme of the high life on a chilly Christmas Eve in Wichita Falls. Charlie doesn't have much luck: his wife has left him for his best friend Pete van Heuten (scene stealer Platt) who keeps turning up like a bad (drunken) penny throughout the festive evening while Charlie's doubts of the perfect crime getting gummed up as he fears his (rightful) paranoia that Bill will catch wind of their theft and finds solid evidence that he is right in the form of Bill's henchman Roy (Starr) who keeps showing up moments after Charlie has arrived at say a strip club bar he frequents.
NEU To add fuel to the conflagration brewing is Renata (Nielsen channeling Veronica Lake replete with that icon's peekabo 'do), the sexily mysterious owner of the nudie bar Charlie keeps seeking refuge in and has the not-so-original idea of running away with the femme fatale in the process.
POS What makes all this funny is Cusack's deadpan at the absurdities that seem to pop up every ten minutes making their unlikely reality a surreality.
POS His timing is right on the money and Thornton's prickly, misanthropic (and homicidal) Vic is the perfect off-balance to the dicey proceedings at hand causing the two men to wade hip deep in a mire of dead bodies and other unsavory situations.
POS Told in an icy comic vein by master veteran funnyman Harold Ramis who deftly directs the sordid and humorous sequences with aplomb and some interesting shots along the way (I particularly liked the off-center POV of a shotgun cartridge during one of the climactic action sequences very much so) as well as letting his cast simply let the smart screenplay by vets Richard Russo and Robert Benton sail along in the adaptation of Scott Phillips' Jim Thompsonian pulp fiction with just the right amount of bite and bile executed.
POS Cinematographer Alar Kivilo's blue-black schematics make you feel the stinging cold of the Midwest bleakness engulfing the characters' plight.
POS For anyone who has loathed the holiday season and all its trappings this makes a fine piece of coal in a stocking of cinematic mirth and mayhem.
POS TALK TO ME (2007) *** Don Cheadle, Chiwtel Ejiofor, Taraji P. Henson, Martin Sheen, Cedric the Entertainer, Vondie Curtis-Hall, Mike Epps. (Dir: Kasi Lemmons) Cheadle Sparkles in Biopic Don Cheadle is perhaps the most underrated best actor of his generation giving it all in every film performance and not getting the true props and recognition for his craft of versatility.
POS Perhaps this, one of his best roles to date, will change perspectives overall.
NEU Cheadle plays ex-con Petey Greene, a street-smart smoothie, attempting to go legit by looking up a fellow prisoner's brother, Dewey Hughes (Ejiofor also giving an excellent turn), an uptight Washington, DC radio programming manager on the rise who is at a crossroads himself in the hope for bigger and brighter things in a broadcasting career he aspires to.
NEU When Petey arrives, all hell breaks loose, with genuine concern expressed by Dewey's boss EG Sonderling (Sheen) who has given him the daunting task of making the station a more viable form of entertainment for its dwindling listening in audience.
NEU Dewey reluctantly sees inspiration in the foul-mouthed Greene and recruits him only after a series of arguments, insults and a one-up-manship in a game of pool reducing Greene to his basics: a brother in need of a job.
NEU After a near disastrous opening show, Greene is given one more shot by a scheming Dewey (who locks out all the staff as Greene goes into his fast-talking no bs mode) with the gambit paying off to callers ringing the phones off the hook.
NEU In the interim, Dewey begins booking Greene on stand-up comic networking him into a local TV showcasing the controversial DJ and eventually to the top: a spot on 'The Tonight Show' in NYC. Director Lemmons deftly balances the prickly comedy with the genuine drama best depicted in the day Martin Luther King, Jr is assassinated and having Petey shine in his finest hours telling it like it is and uniting the city from the firestorms and rioting in the streets.
POS She has a good command for her actors allowing each one to shine like the formidably funny and fierce Henson as Petey's vulgar yet golden-hearted hoochie mama.
POS Overall the acting is solid and on the money, again with Cheadle and Ejiofor showing deft acting chops with versatility of drama and comedy.
POS The gift of gab has never been so enjoyable.
NEU CATCH AND RELEASE (2007) **1/2 Jennifer Garner, Timothy Olyphant, Juliette Lewis, Kevin Smith, Sam Jaeger, Fiona Shaw, Joshua Friesen.
NEU Jennifer Garner is the ideal girl next door, beautiful in that freshly-scrubbed all- American girl type, but with a twinge of knowing naughtiness and playful fecklessness which she imbued to the nth degree in her serious ass-kicking ABC series 'Alias' as a bodacious agent with pouting bee-stung lips and a lethal double-round-house to the nether regions.
POS Her more feminine wiles on display to the hilt in this surprisingly charming romantic dramedy with her character Gray Wheeler, a young woman facing a sudden tragedy, her fiancée is killed in a horrible sporting event accident crushing her upcoming nuptials in full blossom.
NEU Instead of a wedding she now has a funeral to deal with, and in the opening sequence her pain is immediate as well as the difficulty of making sense of what to do from this point on.
NEU However all is not lost in the sense she is alone.
NEU Quite the contrary; her betrothed's fun-loving childhood friends are there to see her through including Sam (filmmaker Smith who steals the film with his smartly delivered one-liners and the ongoing running gag of the stout fellow in various modes of unkempt solvent shoving something down his endless gullet to high comic effect), who offers pearls of wisdom from the designer tea he works for; Dennis (Jaeger), the more level-headed of the trio, who harbors a not-so-secret crush on the young widow; and more significantly Fritz (Olyphant, late of the stupendous 'Deadwood' on HBO), a voracious ladies' man transplanted back to their Boulder, CO environs from La-La- land where his stint as a budding filmmaker is really more of a hobby than his photography taking.
NEU All three men are in love with Grey (and can you blame them!)
NEU but each has their own philosophy in how her grief should ultimately lead to a happier existence.
NEU Along the way sorting through her dearly departed's affairs she learns he has a $1M nest egg in a seemingly secret account and discovers something more personal: his doling out monies to a woman in LA, a masseuse named Maureen (the always good-naturedly daffy Lewis) who has a 4 year old son (!) Let the melodrama commence!
POS Written and directed by Susannah Grant (who makes her directorial debut here) does an able job overall with the usual formulaic expectations: overheard conversations misleading the truth; real-love triumphing; friendship & relationships put to the tests, etc. etc. But the cast makes it a winning diversion and a lot of fun.
POS Great interplay between Garner as 'one- of-the-guys' and the three dudes making a fine buffet to her nubile attractiveness.
POS There is undeniable chemistry between Garner and Olyphant (who I swear to God if you close your eyes sounds like a rakish Robert Wagner!)
POS who effortlessly provides the sex with aplomb, and tastefully so.
NEG The only problem is how the pieces all fall into place relatively with little effort or dismay considering how her fiancée was killed and all and how they come to accept the flaky 'other woman' with barely a ruffle of feathers.
POS Grant does allow some refreshing touches, namely making her characters likable yet flawed and not jerks, which so easily could've been the case in many plot points (ie Garner's mother-in-law-to-be has the inklings of villainy but really deep down shows she is not the heartless wench she appears when things get a little dicey).
POS There are also equal amounts of chemistry between the trio of male friends who are all looking out for the best interests of Garner's character (as well as their own well-meaning agendas overall without being creepy or downright chauvinistic).
POS But it truly is Garner's showcase to depict her girl-next-door sexiness not unlike America's sweetheart Julia Roberts: a gal whose femininity and sexuality are not in disposable even if she is one of the guys.
POS The film is worth a look at to see how one can find their happiness even if it comes with little burden.
NEU JOSHUA (2007) *** Sam Rockwell, Vera Farmiga, Jacob Kogan, Celia Weston, Dallas Roberts, Michael McKean. (Dir: George Ratliff) Sibling Rivalry: A Study in Terror What is it about the need for sibling rivalry in families?
NEU Is it simply that one child cannot justify the others' existence except for a battle to be more loved by their parents or is it something altogether an innate, knee-jerk response to a situation that is inevitably stacking the deck against the other in the give-and-take of familial favoritism jockeying for position of good standing?
POS Well the answer is not necessarily found in this disturbing, under-the-skin creepy socio-horror film focusing on an NYC Yuppie couple's newborn daughter brought back to their upscale Central Park West environs and their preternaturally bright, but clearly unstable, young son, Joshua (newcomer Kogan, a real find).
NEU The couple, Brad and Abby Cairn (fully fleshed out turns by Rockwell and Farmiga, respectively, both giving career high performances here), are resettling their nest with their new bundle of joy and neglecting to notice how their eldest child is apparently not too pleased with his sudden shift to 'second' favorite child, with all their energies focused on the infant they've welcomed into the world.
NEU Joshua is a smart-beyond his years child but he is taking a dark turn with his studies (he takes to the Egyptian method of embalming mummies after a class study breaks his void of finding a niche in something to peak his interests).
NEU He's also keenly aware of how his mother's post-partum depression is crippling her sensibilities to the point of mania, manipulating his love for her by picking away at her weak spots (ie the baby's constant crying jag that is threatening her sanity) and he can see he is indeed smarter than his father (or so it seems).
NEU While hedge-fund organizer Brad is busy at the office he is not as neglectful as it first appears.
NEU He clearly loves his family, has a strong if slightly estranged relationship with his devoutly Christian mother (Weston), and enjoys his high-pressured job even if his jerk boss (McKean) can barely tolerate Brad's paterfamilias peccadilloes.
NEU When things begin to get difficult (Abby is placed into an institution after an accident causes her to become dependent on painkillers and other meds, and a scary hide-and-seek game with Joshua putting her over the edge), Brad finally sees the forest for the trees and puts a plan into action to keep his baby safe from harm; by any means necessary.
POS Rockwell, one of my personal faves and perhaps the most underrated of his (and my) generation, is excellent.
POS The bantam actor walks with a dancer's grace, his retro do suggesting a hep cat who is happy with himself in the world, and sharp features blend nicely into his Brad, who feels his edge on things dwindle not unlike Farmiga's Abby, who has the difficult role of a somewhat unsympathetic character (ie a mom incapable of caring for her children to the point of insanity) but acts up a storm in her unorthodox turn.
POS Both make you feel for their desperation and ultimately their last-ditch efforts of keeping their sanities in lock-step.
POS but more like a really decent 'TWILIGHT ZONE' episode.
NEG However the film's final moment feels like a cop out and not an entirely believable close to an otherwise unnerving, nasty slice of the American Dream becoming the American Nightmare.
NEU SERAPHIM FALLS (2007) *** Pierce Brosnan, Liam Neeson, Angie Harmon, Anjelica Huston, Ed Lauter, Michael Wincott, Robert Baker, Kevin JO'Connor, Xander Berkeley, Wes Studi, James Jordan, Nate Mooney, Jimmi Simpson, Tom Noonan, Shannon Zeller. Vengeance has its price.
NEU The revenge Western has been around for quite some time – as long as revenge has been around I suppose (which may be redundant) – and the latest of this sub-genre owes quite a bit to John Ford's 'The Searchers' and a kissing cousin to the Clint Eastwood revenge oater 'The Outlaw Josey Wales'.
NEU In its latest incarnation, the story begins in the wintry confines of the Ruby Mountains circa 1868, and Gideon (a nearly unrecognizable Brosnan as far away from being The Artist Formerly Known As Bond here) is being pursued by a relentless tracker in the form of a taciturn man named Carver (low-key Neeson speaking volumes in his determined yet steely silent eyes), hell-bent on catching his fugitive, in tow with several hired guns to get the job done, by any means necessary.
POS Opening with Gideon being shot in the arm and running through the wintry landscape, falling into a freezing river and eventually excising the silver-dollar sized bullet with wincing dexterity, the pace continues to be breathless and anticipatory as Gideon manages to be one-step ahead while Carver's troupe are two-behind.
NEG The reason for Carver's intent is not revealed until the final act (which is the weaker part of the film) but consider its post-Civil War thread and that should sate those who don't want a spoiler thrown in for good measure.
POS Both actors give finely tuned turns here with Brosnan in one of his most physically demanding performances with a certain dirt-under-the-fingernails grittiness, sporting a Don Quixote VanDyke and thatch of graying hair, a grizzled wrinkling pre-aged look that suggests his suffering character is damned in the long run.
POS Proving it takes two-to-tango, Neeson is at his most subtle yet still a looming presence with his brawn and stalwartness bellies his real intent: revenge at any price.
NEU There are a few tweaks to the genre's stock characters: young gun bank robbers; a railroad crew of hostile Irishmen and victimized Chinese slave labor; wise Indian proclaiming nuggets of choice phrasings; a snake-oil sales(wo)man (Huston at her slyest) who may-or- may-not-be-a-desert-mirage; and the off-beat missionaries on pilgrimage.
POS But director David Von Ancken making his big-screen debut (a TV vet of such shows as 'Numb3rs' & 'CSI: NY') – who collaborated on the script with novice Abby Everett Jaques – manages to incorporate some shrewd machinations (a dead horse sequence that actually had me jump out of my seat; kudos to editor Conrad Buff IV) and allow his leads enough space to make the most of their environs (the scenery is a character itself going from the wintry mountains to the arid, no-man's land salt flats) to their advantage.
POS Although when the two characters finally come together after many bloody, graphic sequences, it is somewhat anti-climatic but the theme of doing the right thing at the right time nearly defeats what has transpired in the first half of this revisionist Western, the best since 'Unforgiven' and last year's 'The Proposition'.
NEU WIND CHILL (2007) *** Emily Blunt, Ashton Holmes, Martin Donovan, Ned Bellamy, Chelan Simmons.
NEU (Dir: Gregory Jacobs) 'The Sure Thing' meets 'The Twilight Zone' Everyone loves a good ghost story and the latest installment on screen is a well-crafted suspenser that feels like 'The Sure Thing' meets 'The Twilight Zone' if written by Stephen King. Set in the frost-bitten winter of a small Pennsylvania college campus days before the Christmas break, a young coed (THE DEVIL WEARS PRADA's gloriously bitchy Blunt) is attempting to get back home to Delaware when her plans fall flat forcing her to chose a ride from the bulletin board to share expenses on her trek for the holidays.
NEU Her driver is a fellow student (A HISTORY OF VIOLENCE's Holmes) whose compact sedan is overflowing with all his worldly possessions (he claims he is in between living spaces), and harboring a secret crush on the pretty yet cranky passenger.
NEU En route the two do not hit it off at all and bicker back and forth making the tedious drive insufferable.
NEU While getting gas Holmes decides to take a detour on a snow-covered back road, claiming it'll be picture post-card perfect viewing to break up the monotony.
NEU Blunt becomes increasingly angry and demands they get back on the main highway and as they argue an oncoming car force them off the narrow path into a snow bank.
NEU With a crack in the gas tank, no food and no cell phone signal (natch) the pair suddenly discovers the bleak, quiet snow drifting countryside has a sinister presence that they will soon encounter.
POS A surprisingly well-written screenplay by Steven Katz (SHADOW OF A VAMPIRE) and newbie Joe Gangemi, the dialogue rings true of the formulaic supernatural yet offers an intriguing premise interpolating Nietzchian thought (eternal recurrence) – the two were students in a philosophy class – and some fine moments of paranoia fueled anxiety for Blunt's heroine (is she in danger with this person or not), and although the 'ghost story' section feels a little rushed it works with the backdrop of the winter storm encroaching.
POS Director Jacobs (who helmed the 'NINE QUEENS' remake 'CRIMINAL' for his long-time associates Steven Soderbergh and George Clooney's Section Eight production company (the high powered filmmakers serve as exec producers here) does a very good job of creating enough tension, sprinkled with dry humor mixed with dread employing tight editing by Lee Percy and a cool-to-the-touch cinematography by Dan Laustsen.
POS The better-than-average film is buoyed by excellent acting by its stars, with Brit Blunt employing an impeccable American accent and making her bitchy 'girl' (as she is only referred to at the credits' close) redeemably likable and Holmes' 'guy' switched back and forth from mensch to menace.
NEU What is truly surprising is why the film has been neglected in marketing by Sony Pictures – its distributor – and why it wasn't released more appropriately in the dead of winter instead of the beginning of spring is beyond me.
POS But if you want a decent ghost story on a secluded evening check this out.
POS SWIMMING UPSTREAM (2005) *** Geoffrey Rush, Judy Davis, Jesse Spencer, Tim Draxl, David Hoflin, Craig Horner, Brittany Byrnes, Deborah Kennedy, Mark Hembrow, Mitchell Dellevergin, Thomas Davidson, Kain O'Keefe, Robert Quinn, Keeara Byrnes. (Dir: Russell Mulcahy) Rush and Davis give bold performances in this true-life account of Aussie swimming champ Tony Fingleton.
NEU Athletic biographies and films about sports in general seem to keep audiences enthralled as they line up to see them, rooting for the underdog and living vicariously through their triumphs as well as viscerally feeling their emotional (and physical) scars they accumulate in the long and winding road to success.
NEU In the latest true-life account the sport is swimming and the athlete is Australia's national champion Tony Fingleton circa the 1950s-early 1960s, beginning with his humble beginnings as the middle child of a family of five and clearly not his father's favorite as the story proceeds to illustrate just how blunt that fact is with some heartbreaking moments of just how difficult it can be to be a perfect athletic specimen, but an absolute zero in the eyes of a loved one.
POS Tony's blue-collar working class dad, Harold (a superb Rush in a continuing string of chameleon like turns of late), a man who houses many demons and unleashes his inner fury through bottles of beer , tries his best to provide for his sprawling tight family and although his focus on winning-is-the-only-thing-that-matters view in life has to face his failures every day (he gave up a promising attempt as a professional soccer star by marrying young, and regretting every moment thereafter) in spite of his loving family and long-suffering wife Dora (the ethereally haggard Davis equally top-notch in a semi-low-key performance).
NEU His main cause of bitterness is apparently his son Tony's good-natured, loving self that only may mirror the phantoms of what Harold may have been (or could have been) and his reflection is only refracted back with disappointment until one day the young boy and his sibling John announce they can swim very well much to his surprise.
NEU Harold sees this magical moment as his ticket by coaching his lads gruelingly to stardom and becomes obsessed in their times by carrying his ubiquitous stop-watch at all times and having the boys go at the crack of dawn every day until they are young men equally scrabbling to make names of themselves (and eventually to disembark their trappings for the real world).
POS Spencer gives a remarkably effective performance as the tortured Tony (as does Dellevergin as his younger version) attempting to shake off the waves of abuse and loathing from the only person he so desperately wants to make proud of and is ably supported by a more difficult turn by Draxl (and his younger counterpoint Davidson) as John. The two young brothers are thick and thin covering for each other when things get messy yet eventually a wedge is driven between the two by the conniving Harold who will stop at nothing to see his 'dream' the way it should be.
POS The acting by both Rush and Davis is truly impressive as each manages to avoid making either of their roles true monsters and victims by giving them shades of gray in character and just enough reality to their pre-conceived stereotypes – alcoholic loser and misbegotten abused wife.
POS Yet the screenplay by Anthony Fingleton - based on his biography with his younger sister Diane – keeps the storyline real in its brutality and shame.
POS What easily could have been a waterlogged THE GREAT SANTINI the film achieves the unexpected: sympathy for a loser and new-found respect for a winner.
POS THE LAST DETAIL (1973) **** Jack Nicholson, Randy Quaid, Otis Young, Carol Kane, Michael Moriarty, Clifton James, Nancy Allen, Gilda Radner. Nicholson is nothing short of brilliant in Hal Ashby's film about two career Navy officers assigned to escort prisoner Quaid to the brig on bogus charges, with some off the beaten trail adventures to make the best of the situation.
POS Raw and devilishly good with some insight of anger in males in all of cinema.
NEU **Trivia note: Quaid beat out a young John Travolta for his role.
POS Best scene: Jack trying to get Quaid served in a podunk pub.
POS Best line: 'Heineken?
POS Why it's the finest beer in the world!
POS President Kennedy used to drink it!'
POS Electrifying Nicholson!
POS Strengths:Good concept for a very excellent PDA. Had excellent display resolution and color.
POS Keyboard is great for the individual that doesn't what to fool with alternate text entry methods.
NEG ... Weaknesses:Very poor wi-fi range.
NEG Had to get within 10 feet of a 14db gain antenna to have a consistent useable signal.
NEG Display cracked after two days.
NEG No warranty on display.
NEG Neither PalmOne or the merchant will warranty the display.
NEG I only had a short time to use the unit.
NEG After haggling with both for several days only to finally find that it was going to cost $125, I was forced to have the credit card company charge-back the purchase.
NEG Considering Palmone's lack of customer support and English as a second language staff, I would not recommend the purchase of this PDA.
NEU I bought two of these (one as a christmas present for my brother in law).
NEG I really wish I hadn't.
NEG The selection of widgets available on the TV are poor, and limited.
NEG Most apply to the US (weather, sports news).
NEU I suppose had I not bought it, I would always be wondering what I was missing out on.
NEG Let me satisfy that curiosity for you - as the service stands - don't waste your money.
NEG You've been warned.
NEG PS there is a Sudoku widget - so you can play Sudoku on the TV (as I said ealier - don't waste your money).
NEU Having just switched from ADSL to NTL cable broadband I needed a new router to replace the Speedtouch Wireless router that came free with my ADSL connection.
NEU The reviews for this were good, as was the price so I took the plunge.
POS The problem is this router doesn't really support Apple Macs. My previous router/modems (Speedtouch and Netgear wired) were literally plug and play.
NEG I managed to network two Mac desktops, an iBook, a Windows laptop, an all-in-one printer/scanner and a PS2 without any problems, except setting up the Windows wireless, but even that connected to the Macs on the network.
NEU I've set up even larger Mac only networks so I know what I'm doing.
NEG This Linksys just didn't want to play.
NEG I ended up having to manually configure everything just to get the iBook to see the router, then get it on the 'Net, using wires and wireless.
NEU I haven't even attempted to get the other machines online yet.
NEG If you have Macs and need them networked over a cable broadband connection look for another Mac-friendly router or be prepared to get your hands dirty typing in IP and DNS addresses.
NEG Hopefully now it is running I won't need to do that again, and getting the other machines connected will be easier.
NEU I bought this unit hoping to archive my old personal VHS tapes.
NEG I had a lot of problems with it accepting my DVD disks which play with no problems on my computer's DVD player which I'm sure is a cheaper player by far.
NEU After repeatedly trying to get the unit to accept my pre-recorded DVD's it finally accepted them.
NEG I noticed that the unit couldn't recognize the markers from my computer's DVD bookmarks and the AB repeat works horribly.
NEG It works, but it freezes the picture for about 3-4 seconds before starting over which, again, my computer's DVD player does seamlessly.
NEG I expected the unit to far surpass my computer's DVD player and it doesn't.
NEG I am returning the unit to the store and looking for a better replacement.
NEU I bought a Lexmark All in one x2470 with a gift card i got for Christmas last year.
NEG It quit working just two days ago, so i called Lexmark support and they had me clean the rollers, but this did'nt work.
NEG so i went on-line to check on my warranty and that is all i could seem to do.
NEG Could not find any where to put in a claim.
NEG I am very upset, but i am not a quitter but a surviver ! I am going to keep on trying, they will definitely remember my name before i am through.
NEU I will let you know the out come if that is allowed.
NEU Grannyshine
NEU I bought this headset to use in the car.
POS It's very comfortable to charge - the charger is in the socket, the headset is in the charger, no tangling wires - great!
NEG But the headset is huge - it doesnt fit into my ears - none of them, and believe me - both of my ears are of generous size!
NEG :) It doesn't fit into my son's and friend's ears as well - keeps falling out.
NEG And the sound quality - my God!
NEG People I've been talking to were always complaining about low volume (they had it maxed on their receivers) and strange rustling and swishing noise.
NEG I've heard them better, but far away from good.
NEG If I could, I would like to return it or exchange for something better.
POS Pros: For the most part, a very decent printer.
POS Good print quality, speed, etc. for the price.
NEG But everything positive thing about it is completely negated by one thing: ... Cons: When ANY of the four ink cartridges are empty, all functionality is disabled.Scanner will not work unless all ink tanks are at acceptable levels.
NEG When ANY of the four ink cartridges are empty, all functions are disabled.
NEG You are not allowed to use the scanner if any single cartridge is empty.
NEG I cannot think of a more retarded feature...
NEG this is a complete, utter, and absolute failure on Canon's part to create a decent product.
NEG I don't print very often, and I am not about to go shell out another 40 of 50 dollars on ink just so I can scan a drawing of mine.
NEG HP all-in-ones don't seem to have this problem.
NEG Buy one of them instead.
NEU F Canon.
NEU I had originally purchased the Motorola S9 HD headset from the apple store, but took it back because I thought there might be something better.
NEU So I bought the Sony Bluetooth Headset like the one above.
NEG Anyway, as soon as I strapped these things on, I realized that I made a big mistake.
NEG It's awful!
NEG The band that goes around the back of your head is not adjustable, and if you are wearing a collar of any sort, when you move your head at all, it will rub and move the ear buds in and out of your ears.
NEG If you want a headset for the gym like I do, then stay away from these - unless you have a head the size of Shrek. The ring around the back of your head that connects the earpieces is about 2 full inches from your head/neck.
NEG Terrible design.
POS I have owned it since Nov 2009. The HD2 is the best phone.
NEU Just go to XDA-developers.com.
POS Besides it runs many google apps, and Apple has too many garbage apps that are just worthless.
POS You did not mention the 16gb memory that comes with the T-Mobile phone without extra charge.
NEU Soon we will get the HTC HD3. I will be a buyer in the fall.
POS Nothing will compare with this newer version on WinMobile 7 with a 1.5 processor and a 4.5 inch screen.
POS Don't forget the Apple choice is a closed system, no real choices beyond Apples product line.
POS No so with HTC (hd2, Hd3)
NEU I bought this card for hot swap RAID 1, which is one of the features that is supported.
NEG A few months after using it, it stopped RAIDing across automatically.
NEG When I called them to solve this problem, it was horrible.
NEG They told me to download the newest firmware and helpfully sent me to a link to an iso image which didn't work.
NEG When I called their support 5, yes, 5 times to solve just upgrading the firmware, they told me first that the iso was fine, then to use a boot diskette, then to use the iso.
NEG Not to mention the link they provided was to the 9650 not the 9550. Finally when I upgraded the firmware and it didn't solve the issue, I was sent to 'level 3' support.
NEU The person there knew the ins and outs of this card.
NEU He told me it had a bug and they didn't have a upgrade to fix it because they still didn't know what caused it.
NEU I could try some perl scripting.
NEG I don't mind dealing with pearl scripts, but it wasn't supported and he wouldn't tell me anything about what the script did, so it wasn't that helpful.
NEG Later trying to decide what to do about this problem, I realized that this was a malfunctioning product and they they should take it back.
NEG I called to return the product because it had a bug in it and was sent somewhere else, the people I was sent to wouldn't admit that it had a bug in the card, but I could return the product and get another buggy 9550 SUX (SXU 4LP).
NEG Is this the way 3ware builds their business?
NEG I could have purchased a sub $100 card and received better results.
NEG I won't be purchasing from 3ware again.
NEG The display is plain manual is quite complex.
NEG I did have issues with sound from my TV as well.
NEG When the station would change from commercials to shows or vise versa, the sound would cut out on some.
NEG The television itself would have sound, but the receiver had none.
NEG I took it back and got a Harmon/Kardon (AVR-247)for the same price and I feel it blows this one away.
NEG It has a much more modern look and is much more user friendly.
NEU Mac users should check the website before installing.
NEG Since I use reference material often at my work, this is an extreme disappointment...
NEU hopefully it will be updated soon.
NEG Also might be nice to have relative pointing instead of absolute...
NEG sometimes reaching the top of the tablet to reach the top of the screen is tiring (as someone with limited mobility).
POS A good beginner's tablet.
NEU I bought these headphones because the reviews were really good.
NEG They were alot smaller than it seemed in the pictures.
NEG They seemed really flimsy, even though they were the 25th anniversary edition which was a contributing factor for me returning them.
NEU Maybe ididn't let them kick in enough time or something but i returned them 2 days later.
NEG Cons: Horrible quality.
NEG Scratches way too easily.
NEU I've had this phone for a bit over four months.
NEG But then I started to pick out all the bad things about it.
NEG -The camera shutter sound does not turn off, so even if your phone is on silent, if the camera button gets pressed, your phone makes an annoying noise.
NEG -The speaker phone is very quiet.
NEG - The phone scratches very easily and does not handle being dropped very well.
NEG I drop mine once and ever since its made this horrible buzzing noise.
NEG -The main reason I am getting rid of this phone is because of the charging/charger/battery.
NEG Around the second month I had this phone, the charger broke.
NEG When I went to charge it, it would charge for a few minutes, and then stop.
NEG Now it wont charge at all.
NEG This phone is reasonably priced, but the quality is terrible.
POS But for what I paid, the camera has worked pretty well.
NEU Many reviews refer to battery power issues.
POS I have been able to take more than 30 pictures with a fully charged pair of batteries before they went dead, and it is simple to just carry a spare pair of batteries for backup, as the battery charger that came with the camera accommodates 4 batteries.
NEU I also read on Gateway's web site that they specifically recommend the nickel (NiMH)AA batteries rather than alkaline.
NEU They additionally suggest that lithium AA batteries be used for longer life, although they note that these are more expensive.
POS First the good news...the camera takes nice, sharp pictures when zoom is not used and there is good lighting; it is compact and lightweight; and it is the most inexpensive camera I've seen with both digital and optical zoom and 4 megapixels.
NEG Now the bad news: It is true that Gateway's customer service is not helpful if there are problems.
NEG The instruction manual states that when transferring pictures from the camera to the computer, you should use an AC adapter that does not come with the camera, but which is available in the 'Gateway Digital Camera Accessory Kit.' Good luck finding such a kit!
NEG First I went to Radio Shack, they didn't have the kit, and had no adapter that would fit the camera.
NEG Then I tried Best Buy, where I had bought the camera, but they also had no such adapter and no such accessory kit.
NEU So, I called Gateway.
NEG They said they longer keep the accessory kit in stock, but that I should be able to get it in any electronics store.
NEG Yeah, right.
NEG So I tried a couple other stores in the area, still no luck.
NEU I contacted Gateway tech services again by live chat, and the tech said that they don't have the kit in stock, but promised to call me within 2 weeks to let me know when it would be available.
NEG That was about 2 months ago, and I still haven't heard from Gateway.
NEU BUT, for anyone who is looking for the Gateway digital camera accessory kit, I did succeed in obtaining it on eBay from an electronics dealer in California (the other side of the country from where I live) that had 110 kits in stock!
NEU (No wonder Gateway doesn't have any left!)
NEU For $20 plus $8 for S & H, I received not only the AC adapter, but another battery charger, another pair of batteries, a small tripod, and a camera cover.
NEG The camera has a cover for the ports for the AC adapter and USB cable--this cover is very flimsy plastic, and I think it's only a matter of time before it breaks off.
NEG When using the zoom, I find that you must have extremely steady hands when taking the pictures or you will get blurred shots.
NEG This is probably true for other cameras, but with the Gateway camera it is particularly troublesome because the shutter button seems to lack sensitivity.
NEG You must press the button down rather hard before it responds.
NEG If there is any background lighting, and the room is dark, the camera's flash does not seem to adequately adjust when the camera is set on automatic, resulting in very dark photos.
NEG The Bottom Line: If you are interested in purchasing a DVD/VCR combo player, I would recommend a different brand due to Sony's exchange policy and horrible service.
NEG I previously posted the following review of this player: 'My Sony D500P arrived yesterday, and I tried two different DVDs, but both played poorly.
NEG Each disk starts out playing fine, then starts to stop and start repeatedly, and finally just stops playing.
NEU I called Sony, and they tried to troubleshoot over the phone, but finally concluded that the unit was defective and needs to be replaced.
NEU I read reviews of the previous model D300P, and people complained of the same kind of problem I saw with the D500P. I was apprehensive about purchasing it, but saw only good reviews of the D500P, so I thought Sony had the problem licked.
NEG I guess not!'
NEU Here's the update: I ordered this unit by mail-order, and called the dealer to arrange to return it.
NEG The dealer informed me that Sony had instituted a new policy requiring that all exchanges have to be directly through Sony. I thought this was hard to believe, and called Sony. Sony confirmed that in fact, this is their policy.
NEG They also refused to pay the postage for the return.
NEU Given no other choice, I paid the postage and mailed the unit back to Sony's service center in Laredo, Texas. After waiting a month for my replacement, I called Sony's service department.
NEU The agent told me that the computer showed it was already sent, and 'it was signed for by your front door.'
NEG I assured him that my front door doesn't know how to write, and that I still had not received my new unit.
NEU He then transferred me to another department at Sony which confirmed that it had never been sent.
NEU They said they would send it out right away by express mail.
NEG A week later, still no replacement unit.
NEG I called Sony again, and again the first agent said it was already sent, then after I explained it hadn't arrived I was transferred to the second department, which again confirmed it hadn't been sent out yet.
NEU I demanded to know when the unit would be sent out, and was transferred to a third department to get a tracking number and date of delivery.
NEU Finally, after a total of 6 weeks, I received a player.
NEU This one was a model D550P instead of D500P, but it looks similar.
POS The best news is: This unit works!
POS Additionally, the rewind/fast forward features for videotapes are quite rapid.
NEG I agree with other reviewers who have said that the remote control has small buttons and is confusing to use.
NEG The one feature lacking on this model is the inability to copy DVDs to a videotape.
NEG On the other hand, I would not recommend this or any other Sony product in light of Sony's exchange policy and poor service.
NEU Reviewing an antenna is difficult.
NEU I could tell you about which channels I get easily with the Terk FDTV2A (ABC, FOX, MyTV, CW, PBS) and which channels I really don't (CBS, NBC), but you don't live in my apartment, so that doesn't do you any good.
POS The Terk is definitely the best looking of the bunch, and I really like the included stand, which gives you more flexibility in setting it up.
POS The antenna feels well-made and solid, the cables appear to be of a good quality.
NEG The one thing I really don't like about the Terk FDTV2A is that none of the cables and cords can be easily replaced.
NEG The coaxial cables are integrated directly into the both the antenna and amplifier; you can't just unscrew the cable from either and replace it with something else.
NEG The power cable (AC adapter) is similarly integrated into the amplifier.
NEG If you wanted to use a custom length of coaxial cable (in my case, I would have like to use shorter cables), or damaged the AC adapter and needed to replace it, you're pretty much out of luck, save for taking the unit apart and rewiring it.
NEG If you needed to lengthen the coaxial cable, you could use a female-to-female barrel connector, but I assume you would start degrading your signal at some point.
NEG This whole design seems to create an unnecessary rat's nest of wires behind my television.
NEU I also looked at the Terk FDTV1A, which seemed to be the same antenna, but slightly larger.
NEU I don't know if a larger antenna would pull in more channels or not, so I went with the smaller FDTV2A given my limited space.
NEU I'm sticking with what I have...
NEU something different might yield better results, but at this point, I'm tiring of trying out antennas and just want to park myself on the couch and enjoy some television!
POS The picture quality is also very good and the main reason I bought it was the upscaling to match my TV - very impressive.
NEG Downsides are that if you have built-in freeview on your TV, it does get confused sometimes and will refuse to allow you to watch it through either TV or HDD player - I had to mess around with the settings several times to make it stop doing this.
NEU (Why did I buy it if I had freeview already?
NEG It was cheaper than to get one without) It is also very noisy and performs random updates in the night, which can be annoying.
POS But in terms of function and ease of use it's very good.
POS The hardware itself is simple and well designed.
NEG The issue is the online interface.
NEG It is almost too simple and lacks preferences or options.
NEG You are unable to check a log or bread crumb pattern.
NEG Sometimes information is unable to be acquired.
POS Customer service though is very good and very responsive.
POS This is used for vans in a service company and when it works it works very well.
POS Pros: Works excellent in my Dell 8100 using XP Home. My wireless router is in the basement and it works fantastic everywhere in my house (no dead spots even on 2nd story).
POS Even picks up my neighbors networks.
POS Netgear software makes me buy them over and over...
POS much easier to connect to networks compared to using XP and other software.
NEG ...Cons: Gets very hot.
NEG Very expensive compared to others.
POS Pros: Long range zoom for distance and nature shooting.
POS Cons: Nothing negative about it.
NEU This Nikon P90 was purchased for its 24X zoom in a small compact package.
POS Living next to a large body of water I can shoot ducks, tow boats, Osprey, anything else, at distances of 100 yards and even further.
NEU This is best done on a tripod to eliminate shake and to keep the object centered.
POS Truly the 24X zoom is superb in replacing expensive long lens of the best quality.
POS The camera is light but feels solid.
POS Controls are intuitively where fingers are placed.
POS The vibration reduction cannot be faulted even at maximum zoom.
POS It must be one of the best anti shake designs made.
POS Rapid fire makes for great pics of birds in flight and sports shots.
POS The P90 exceeds my expectations.
POS Pros: No problems, easy to set up.
POS Looks good.
POS Cons: Nothing negative about it.
NEU I wanted the Samsung but purchased the Insignia on sale for $129.99 thinking I was saving money.
NEU The Insignia popped like a fire cracker.
POS Replaced it with the Samsung Black/Red to match my TV. It was on sale for 249.00. You get what you pay for.
POS Works wonderfully.
POS No problems what so ever.
NEG When I bought this the specs said that this has a tape player.
NEG It really doesn't.
NEU I'm not that far advanced for XM. I'm in the cassette tape stone ages.
NEU If anyone is looking for the ultimate cassette tape player, I would suggest the JVC Kaboom Box. It has great sound and auto reverse.
POS Anyway, back to the Sony. This is perfect for my computer.
POS I play it through the Aux in and it sounds way better than the cheesy speakers in my monitor.
NEU It plays 5 cd's with modes like shuffle, repeat and random.
POS So, if you care about cassette player this stero is very reliable and sounds good too.
POS Pros: The instructions were very helpful and easy to use.
POS Cons: None so far.
NEU My wife got it for me account of the wireless capability.
NEU It saves me going to the basement with my bad knees.
NEU After I got it I was reading the reviews and wondered if it should go back before opening it.
POS Glad I didn't take it back.
POS Have only used it a few times, but I am very pleased with it so far.
POS I would recommend it based on my experience.
NEU I have worked with this head now for almost three years.
POS We use it in an art repro setup and it is the only way to go.
POS We have to zig-align the camera so the film (actually BL scan back) and the plane of the art are aligned exactly.
POS The gear movements on this heavy duty head are smooth and very precise.
POS I could align the camera this accurately with out it.
NEU Problems Encountered: None Previous Equivalent Items Owned: Only balls heads
POS Pros: The picture and sound.
NEG ... Cons: Weighs nearly 250 pounds!
POS I bought this TV off of eBay for $300 in 2006 when the average price was for 800 - 1,000. The picture is excellent as well as the sound.
POS Greatest TV I have ever had!
NEU It's got your composite, S-Video as well as RCA inputs.
POS DVD's and video games play very well on this television.
NEU I bought this product to use mainly as a way to carry movies around on vacation for my children.
POS It works great for that and much more.
NEU I don't know if the kids are going to get to use it.
POS I am very impressed with the quality of the playback.
POS Also, you get more than enough playing time on the battery.
POS I have watched two full length movies without rechargeing the battery.
POS It has nice sound as an mp-3 player as well.
NEU I purchased this camera a month ago or more after almost buying the G11, and have taken about a thousand photos with it so far.
POS I couldn't be happier with the wide lens, aperture control ring, manual functions, scene pre-settings, overall low light performance, and ease of customization this little camera offers.
POS Even love the minimal black design of it.
POS I had high expectations with this camera based on its price ($400) and the Canon name (still have an old AE-1 from 1982 and used an ELPH powershot extensively), and as far as image quality I can't really find any faults.
NEU The included software is necessary however to convert the raw CR2 files into Tiff files for Photoshop.
NEU Bundled with the included software is a PhotoStitch program that allows you to 'stitch' individual shots together to make panormas.
POS Very cool.
POS I'm using it almost daily and haven't yet gotten over how powerful this point and shoot is.
POS There is even a simple 3x3 grid you can turn on to help you compose in the frame: can't begin to say how useful that is.
POS It even brackets.
NEG The real disappointment here is the build quality.
NEG I've never used a Canon product that felt so shoddy.
NEG An ELPH PowerShot I used years ago felt considerably more solid than this--overall more dense and metallic.
NEG While that could be overlooked in a Happy Meal toy, this is a $400 camera.
NEG It seems I may have used the flash accidentally once or twice (I keep it off) but if I depended on it I might be a little wary of its constant popping up as I'm sure its just a flimsy, plastic rack and pinion mechanism.
NEG The location of the flash is unfortunate in that it pops into left my hand as I try to shoot...the only other hand-hold would seem to be cupping the body from below, or shooting one-handed.
NEU Again not using the flash makes this a non-issue for me, I'd be just as happy if Canon left the flash off entirely or at least integrated it into the body to simplify the design.
NEU If you were taking this camera on an extended trip to some remote locale a spare battery would be a necessity.
NEG As I keep it off when I'm not shooting it does take a bit longer than feels necessary to start up and auto-focus when I want shoot: maybe 3-4 secs or so.
NEU When you're in a hurry to catch something that can feel like a long delay.
POS Overall this is an excellent camera that puts all the functions I wanted (RAW shooting, wide lens, full suite of manual settings and f-stop adjustments) and then some in my back pocket.
NEU Hopefully somebody at Canon is checking these product reviews and the next generation S90 will feel like the smooth, solidly-built slab of metal the older PowerShots were.
NEU I've been a Neil Finn fan practically my whole adult life.
NEU First I become exposed to his brilliance via I Got You, the break through song of Split Enz a quarter of a century ago.
NEU That album, True Colours, is jam packed with great melodies and fun arrangements.
NEU Although their later albums did not match that peak, they were still enjoyable.
NEU When Crowded House became huge, I liked their albums ever more.
NEU Their first one, despite including the classic Don't Dream It's Over, is their least interesting one but during the final album, Together Alone, Neil Finn and Crowded House were making among the best music of that era.
NEU I was obviously very excited when Neil Finn released (Try Whistling) this album; what would he deliver this time being alone and apparently with all the freedom to experiment?
POS Before hearing the album in its entirety, I heard She Will Have Her Way and Sinner, both great tracks and worthy classics.
POS She Will is a straight forward song in a Beatles-esque fashion whilst Sinner is a dark moody track with a haunting rhythm.
NEG Sadly, these were the only tracks worth any attention.
NEG The songs really never come to life.
NEG I tried several times listening to the album, hoping I would get it, but no, this is for me an album that lacked a creative spark, something I can't say about anything else I had heard by Neil Finn (his next studio album, live album and recent one with his brother are for example much better).
NEG Actually, this is the only Neil Finn release that has not been a favorite of mine.
NEU It is interesting but this album gets high marks from many reviewers, actually most reviewers.
NEU My sister and one of my best friends are also big Neil Finn fans.
NEG Their reaction to this album was, however, almost identical to mine, close to being boring and not living up to expectations.
NEG It was also a commercial failure so it will remain a mystery to me how many people enjoy it.
NEG My advice, however, is to leave this one alone and listen to practically everything else by Neil Finn.
NEG I have PURCHASED every album since 1993, so I feel I speak with some authority when I say that this album is by far the worst yet.
NEU I felt that the record they did with Glenn Ballard was a reasonably listenable waste, but thought they made a strong recovery on the next one, 'Busted Stuff' (which was the record they SHOULD have released instead of the Ballard one).
NEG 'Stand up' stinks up the joint from the cover art (what is that goofy concept lady?), to the tiny tiny song labels on the back.
NEG Oh yeah, and the music is lame, with 3-4 exceptions.
NEG I won't even address the copy protection issue...that's been done to death, and I agree with them all.
NEG I encourage you to buy this cd....my copy is available.
NEU I am a big fan of Jose Jose and for many years I have been following his career.
NEG This is not only a big disappointment; This is big disrespect for Jose Jose's fans.
NEG First, this is not a 2007 new release, is an old collection of songs from the 70's and the 80's Don't let them fool you with Jose Jose's intros for every song, where he can bearly breath do to his affected voice.
NEG It's sad that sush an talented artist like him can be manipulated by Record Company that only cares about business (money).
NEG The quality of this DVD is horrible and look like it was transfer from an Old VHS source.
NEG Don't buy or rent this DVD
NEG This cd was horrible.
NEG I did not like any of the songs.
NEG they changed all there great songs into bad ballads.
NEG Usually Bon Jovi cd's are good but this cd was just crap.
NEG I threw away the cd after listening to 2 songs.
NEG don't buy this cd it is a waste of good money
NEG I really hate to say it, because i think Ani Difranco is awesome, but this album is very bad.
NEG At best, it sounds like some cleaned up B-Sides. She probably should have worked hard on a few songs rather than not putting very much into all of the songs on this album.
NEG I tried to like this album, and it's definently hard admitting it to myself that Ani put out a bad album, but she has.
NEG This album more or less sucks.
NEG None of the songs stand out from each other.
NEG They all sound like experiments that weren't seen through from start to finish.
NEG Unlike bands like Radiohead, David Bowie, The cure etc. that have worked very hard moving their sound into new territory, Ani just gave a half-a$$ effort and it shows.
NEU On their first album they were pretty pissed off.
NEU By the time the second album came along they were still pissed off but were a little sad too.
NEG On this one they're just depressed.
NEG Looking over the lyric sheet it appears he's written the same song over and over again for three albums.
NEU Sure I like a little angst ridden NINesque rock just like anybody else, but in the future I think I'll go directly to the source (the Fragile is incredible).
NEG Don't waste your money on this.
NEG This is the worst VH album of all time.
NEG Even Van Halen 3 is better than this.
NEG Extremely bland performance from Eddie (three note riff on Don't Tell Me?)
NEG and cheesy lyrics from Sammy. No wonder Cherone is in the band now.
NEG The band sounds bored silly on this album and it shows.
NEU Ok, let's be cool.
NEU SOme say 'RELOAD' is different, is music, is new.
NEU Fine.But have you ever listen to 'Ride the Lightning'?
NEU or 'Master of Puppets'?, or 'And Justice for All'?
NEU They changed in the Black album, but changed qwith quality.
NEG Now, they changed for the sake of nothing.
NEG They're gone.
NEG the cure song is total rubbish...
NEG perhaps the reason robert smith had to do the song all by his lonesome: the other members openly hate DM... in fact, even smith has made it a habit to rip on DM for many years...
NEG then he goes out and does something stupid like record this song...
NEG for shame...
NEU another reviewer said the smashing p.
NEU song was junk (laughable?)
NEU but i disagree...
POS i think it's much better than the original song...
NEG but i've never been impressed with DM, in the slightest...
NEU the sp ver.
POS has a better groove and the vocals are better delivered...
NEG again, the cure song sux...
NEU c'ya (ps i only listened to those 2 songs...
NEU then sold it to a used cd store...
NEG the other songs may very well be excellent but i couldn't bring myself to keeping it after hearing the cure tune)
POS Well, I think this band has some pretty fat salt licks, because, I don't know, it's pretty salty.
NEG First of all, the bass player...fat pocket, this guy must wear big raver pants, because he has such fat pocket.
NEG I am thinking, Kik Wear, Sonic 2000, the ones that are bright pink.
NEG So, anyway, the bass line sounds like it is so chromatic, it is so inside, and it completely matches with the melody.
NEG Um, the guitar player, you can tell he has fat pockets too, and fat licks.
NEG But for some reason it sounds like he is playing is guitar upside down.
NEG I don't know, I think he still is pretty putrid.
NEG And the drummer, he is so good, he keeps it in, out, and in the middle of the pocket, and his pork chops, they are so salty, if you licked it you would have to wince.
NEG Oh my gosh, and he always is mixing it up, from hi hat to ride cymbal, dang, it's so chopped I don't even know what kind of meat he is flavoring!!!
NEG Um, and that one guy that wrote the review that says, 'these guys are mega wicked chill' um, I think you must wear like Calvin Klien or Armani, because your pockets are so tight, and I don't even think you know what you're talking about.
NEU Chuck 2000
NEU As an 18 year college DJ in the early 70s, I played this album (per request) to death.
NEU I wore out my personal copy in my dorm room.
NEU But...is it a classic, defining piece of rock?
NEU Does this album stand with Tommy, Sergeant Peppers, and The Dark Side of the Moon?
NEG I don't think so.
NEG Perhaps I'm jaded, but now much of this album sounds pretty silly (as does a lot of the music I proudly own from that era).
POS Great cut: Hot Summer Day: unique, superb mix of instruments (violin, harmonica, keyboard, and electric guitar), nice vocals (the lyrics are kinda dumb, but that's part of the 60s), fantastic build up...everything that characterizes a great 60s song.
POS The last few intensive notes end this song beautifully.
POS Great cut: Bombay Calling - a wonderful violin driven instrumental that makes you bounce in your seat.
POS Nostalgic Cut: White Bird (yup.
NEU I'm that old).
NEG What's with the rest of this junk?
NEG It's either painfully harsh or just downright boring.
NEU Amazon reviewer Mike McGonigal hit the nail on the head.
NEU Okay, my turn to chime in. For me, this is multi-channel (SACD, DVD-AUDIO or DTS) disc number 72 for me.
NEU I purchased the re-packaged (long, slim jewel case) DTS CD and popped it into my player.
NEG I do not have the 2 channel SACD to use for comparison but I do have the regular remastered CD. This mix presents a wildly un-musical, psychedelic=like four channel guitar panning, throwing Carlos' guitar solos all over the place.
NEG In is a little unsettling.
NEG But the first thing you will notice on BLACK MAGIC WOMAN is that the .1 channel is almost non-existent.
NEG Gone is the wonderfully fat bass line, especially those G's (G1 on your piano keyboard).
NEG Also gone is the low thump of the bass drum.
NEG It's like listening to Santana perform and having the bassist playing about 20 feet behind them with his amp turned down really low.
NEG In my own opinion, this release and Wings' VENUS & MARS are DTS' worst 5.1 CDs on the market.
POS Guthrie is a lyrical genius, of course.
POS Wilco too.
POS And Billy--well, of course, of course.
NEG But three in a bed make 'country music,' and it tastes nothing like Bragg or Guthrie--maybe more Wilco than Willie Nelson. What do I mean?
NEG Because I don't care for country, and because I really do like the quirk in Wilco and Bragg, this album doesn't do much for me.
POS If you can listen to an album because you know it's talent, or if you like country music, this album will please immensely.
NEG If you're looking for *Summerteeth* Wilco or 'Sexuality' Bragg, this ain't the album to buy.
NEU Borrow from a friend first.
NEG ...but 'A Night at the Opera' just doesn't do it for me.
POS I still love 'And Then There Was Silence.'
POS To me, that's one of the most impressive songs BG have written, and that's saying something.
NEG The rest of the album relies too heavily on multi-tracked vocals, which bring the album's overall appeal down for me.
NEU I found it staggering the lack of DVD's to do with one of the most influential bands of all time.
POS This DVD is as good as you can buy when it comes to The Smiths. It features a selection of TOTP appearences (which are obviously mimed), some music videos and a strange compilation at the end.
NEG The main problem was that none of the songs were being performed live.
NEU Surely there can be some live material that can be released on DVD?
NEU What about the gig which Rank was taken from?
POS Pawn the jewelry, if necessary, to buy this disc if only for 'Je t'ai dans la peau' ('I've got you under my skin').
POS I heard it for the first time when I put the disc in the car player and I was knocked for a loop.
POS It's a classic Edith Piaf song, but this interpretation marries all of Karin Clercq's best qualities in one track: a beautifully alto voice, incredibly clear diction, and a gorgeous Belgian accent.
NEU The initial CD version of No Parlez included only longer versions of the hit singles alongside a few other songs.
NEG The album versions from the album were, however, nowhere to be found.
NEU In the liner notes of this re-release Paul Young describes those versions as being wearing; not an understatement.
NEU According to Paul, the album version was always the true version and finally one can listen to it on CD a quarter of a century later.
NEG It took me not a whole lot longer than zero seconds to realize that something was wrong.
NEG The starting crushing interplay of bass & drums on Come Back and Stay is nowhere to be heard, the songs simply 'starts'.
NEG When I heard that the middle section where Paul sings 'Since You've Been Gone....' is truncated did I realize that this is the single version being used, NOT the original album version.
NEG Things get worse: Love Will Tear Us Apart is presented here without the intro on the original album, again it simply 'starts'.
NEG Similar story with Love of the Common People, the long intro on the album has been shortened, similar as to the single version although I am not sure whether its identical, it is a bit longer than the version on his Time compilation.
NEG I think/hope I have spotted all the faults.
POS The production at the time was revolutionary; Lauri Latham (later worked with Echo & the Bunnymen, Squeeze and The Stranglers) came with a distinctive glossy and crisp sound.
POS Although it became soon dated, it sounds today very fresh.
POS The re-mastering is good, it is as if the tapes were cleaned with the separation much clearer.
POS The music has also aged well, Paul Young's voice still gives me goose bumps.
NEG In whole, a major disappointment due to shortened versions, and simply baffling since it is stated that this IS the original album.
NEG I thus give it only three stars, which may be generous.
NEU Any comments, especially from someone responsible for this re-release would be welcomed.
NEU I liked the movie...
POS funny as hell but i also liked the music.
NEG My friend got the soundtrack and i borrowed it and found that there were lots of tracks missing...
NEU one being 'Amber' by '311' which is on thier 'from chaos' album.
NEU They played this track at least 5 times in the movie and even in the trailer...
NEU so why didn't they include in in the soundtrack.
NEU If anyone has the answer reply.
POS This fantastic cd is a (((must have))) for everyones cd collections weither they are a big fan of NERD or not.
POS This orriginal album shows alot of talent and includes a number of styles of music, So it suits everyones taste in music from hiphop to rock.
POS There are 12 brilliant songs that use live instruments througout the album, This gives the album a happy and feel good characteristic.
POS All the songs show the feelings and oppinions of chad, shae and ofcorse the wonderfull pharell williams.
NEU This cd contrasts to there last album 'In Search of....
NEU ', this is more hiphop, as 'fly or die' seems to be more rock.
POS however dispite this the album is still fantastic and contains the Original NERD flavor.
POS i am very hapy with this cd and i think you will be to.
POS it takes a small while to get used to the new style but now i relly love 'fly or die'.
POS basically you eaither like it or you dont, but you will never know until you try it...SO wot ru wating for get your copy now before they all sell out!!!!!!
POS i would give this album 9/10
NEU I, like the first reviewer, first heard Robert Berry on the Yes tribute album and I thought he put a neat spin on on the Yes classic Roundabout.
POS I really never thought much more about Robert Berry. That was until Greg Stone who does a progressive rock radio show in the bay area, started to play some songs from this album Prime Cuts. Wow, Robert Berry, who is from the bay area has paid homage to some of the best prog acts of the 70's.
POS It's neat to hear some of these songs with a screaming guitar in them and a different musical twist.
POS How cool is it to hear ELP with a raging electric guitar and the song not being overpwoered by keyboards?
POS Very cool, not that ELP's version isn't great too.
POS He also has some differentt takes on the Genesis classic Watcher of the Skies and he covers Amborsia which he was once a member.
POS He also does some interesting covers of rush, Pink Floyd and Jethro tull.
POS I would never say that this is essential prog material, but hey, for a few bucks you could buy this or buy some of todays musical drivel, I'll go for this Thanks.
NEU I first heard venus malone when my friend sent me one of her songs 'Best Inspiration'.
NEU I instantly fell in love will the song and her style that i had to get the ceedee.
POS 1.I Realize - 5/5 stars.
POS her voice is great in this song 2.Cliche Interlude + Cliche - 5/5 stars.
POS This song is so great.
POS The chorus is just so nice to listen to.
POS 4.One on One - 4/5stars I like the beats and the chorus 5. Phatt A55 - 5/5stars haha fun song to sing along to.
POS The lyrics are fun 6.Best Inspiration - 5/5 stars.
POS This song is SO GOOD. Possibly my favorite song on the album along with Cliche 7. Ain't Home Tonight - 4/5 stars.
POS I like this song...but it sounds like another song i know...i kant figure out who....
NEG I don't really feel for this one.
POS 9. Table For two - 5/5stars Nice feel to the music.
POS nice music, background beats...
POS 10. Eye on the prize - 5/5stars i give this five stars just because i like the chorus part.
POS 11. Evolution - 5/5stars I love this song!
POS Nice chill-out feel to it.
POS 12. The End - 4/5stars Starts out slow then picks up, sounds nice.
NEU #10 This is my opinion.
POS Cliche, Best Inspiration and Evolution are my favorites.
POS :D Anyways, overall this is a great album and Venus Malone has a great voice.
NEU To me, this album was different from other music i've been hearing.
POS Also, it fits perfectly in my collection of 'chill-out' music.
POS Nice relaxation album.
NEU :D
POS Man, this album is soo good i cannot believe!
NEU The first time i listened to them was when my friend burned me her ceedee.
POS After listening to them, i knew i had to get the actual album!
POS This ceedee is the one ceedee that is actually worth paying for.
POS Their shows are great too!
POS they actually sound like themselves wen they play live, not like som other bands who actually cant sing on stage.
POS anywayz, every one of these songs on the ceedee is gud.
POS GET IT!
POS If you like the Who and have a CD player capable of playing NON-HYBRID SACDs, then this one is a no-brainer.
POS You get ALL of the material from the 2 CD special edition release, but it is in the higher fidelity of SACD and is all on one disc.
NEU I have not compared the standard Red Book release to this one.
POS What I can tell you is that this release beats the pants off of any incarnation of this recording from the past.
POS Hearing these tunes in REAL STEREO for the first time is a true revelation.
POS No longer does the music feel constrained by the mono recording.
POS It is more like the players are performing on a stage in front of you as opposed to mono's non-dimensionality.
POS The recording is wonderfully clean and complete with crystal clear feedback.
POS Moon's cymbals are transparent...his drumwork really stands out on this release.
POS In fact, all the instruments are much better defined.
POS Shel Talmy did a superb remastering job...he really cares about these recordings regardless of his professional problems with the Who. YOU HAVE TO PICK UP THIS ONE!!
NEU If you are reading this review, chancs are that you aleady know who Raymond Scott is.
NEU This is the CD that started the revival of interest in his music.
POS Raymond and his original group are the real masters of his music although the Beau Hunks are a very close second.
POS Raymond left no room for error on his recordings and it shows.
POS The performances are completely polished.
POS True these all come from 78 RPM sources but they are as good as it gets.
POS You will NOT be disappointed.
POS If you only buy one Raymond Scott CD, this MUST be the one to get.
NEU Bob Ezrin lives 5.1, there is no question (just watch his interview in this DVD's supplements section).
POS Alice digs it too, and this DVD-Audio release is a real treat.
POS For this presentation of the career-enhancing LP this turned out to be, Warner and Ezrin have done a terrific job with the original elements.
POS Super quiet soft passages and reasonably rocking loud ones without a hint of tape hiss, it's all here.
NEU So what are you waiting for?
POS My friends love it, my little brother loves it, my parents love it - you will too!
NEU Paramore just recently broke into the scene and have become very well known in a very short amount of time.
POS Led by 17 year old vocalist Hayley Williams, the band also features guitarist Josh Farro, drummer Zac Farro, bassist Jeremy Davis, and rhythm guitarist Hunter Lamb, all under the age of 21. The album starts with 'All We Know', a catchy (but straightforward, systemaic) power-pop song.
POS Farro's guitar in this song is impressive and incredibly catchy, showing that this band will probably be hanging around the scene for awhile.
POS The song starts slow and then builds into a great chorus as Williams sings 'Please don't get me wrong, because I'll never let this go, but I can't find the words to tell you I don't wanna be alone, but now I feel like I don't know you', and then it's right back to the soft guitars and drums.
POS Definitely one of the better tracks on the album.
NEU The closer, 'My Heart', reminds me a lot of 'Some Will Seek Forgiveness...
POS Others Escape' by Underoath, because the song starts slow, seems to be another basic song just like the last two, but at the end Josh adds some screams and it really makes for a pumped up ending to the album.
POS This band has such potential to go far: down-to-earth kids who love to hang out with their fans, catchy albums and they put on a fun and impressive live show (I was very surprised).
POS I think, if you give this band a couple years, they have a chance to be real heavyweights in the emo/pop-rock scene, and will be selling out large venues soon.
NEU This album took me by surprise.
NEU I have been left jaded with the recent music offerings and certainly did not expect much from this band.
NEU Moreover people who dance so well, surely can't sing well too, right?
POS I was so wrong.
POS What hummable songs and easy listening.
NEU Maybe, just maybe I may think of taking a chance on other new music soon.
POS My music find of the year - mesmerizing!
NEU First and foremost, this is psychedelic rock built on a strong pop framework.
POS A first-time listener might guess this was an undiscovered gem originating from London, circa 1968. From then on, it becomes a game of 'spot-the-reference'.
NEU The early Who, Pretty Things, Love, Moody Blues, the Beatles, 13th Floor Elevators, and any number of the 60s British one-hit wonders would probably come to mind.
NEU Combine all of them, get Thurston Moore to play (a real) melody lead on electric guitar, add a bit of distortion, and you begin to get the idea.
POS And Brian Leary's voice is the perfect accompaniment to it all, pulling it all together like Rain Parade did in their best moments.
POS Though Scrapbook resembles 60s psychedelia, it doesn't feel dated in the least; this is no doubt due to the updated post-rock guitar sound that appears throughout.
NEU There are a few straightforward pop songs; I would defy anyone to listen to 'Your Kind Turn Me All Around' without catching it flying sorties around your brain a day later.
NEU Other songs, including 'Eyes', 'Masses of Tiny Dots', 'All of the Lovely Sounds' and 'Color It' are closer to garage proto- psych/punk.
POS The albums opus is 'Sea Map', which straddles some nether-ground between Led Zeppelin, Bardo Pond and Porcupine Tree. This is balanced by the delicate beauty of 'Scrapbook of Madness' and 'Satellite Sun'.
NEU And there's a hint of Beatles flavour to 'When the Ancients Fly'.
POS It's a diverse album, moody, brilliant and completely satisfying.
POS The album was good enough to make me go and locate all Polyphemus material I could find.
POS You're going to wish you had this when you find it's no longer available; so do yourself a favor and get it now.
NEU And if you enjoy this, watch for their next incarnation: 'Gangster Hippie'.
POS I've heard the first GH album, and it's equally amazing...
NEG When it comes to the racing part of the game, the handling of the cars is totally unforgiving leaving you with a hard and frustrating simulation.
NEG The gameplay is pretty much repetitive and the tracks are boring.
NEG This game gets dull very fast since you'll find yourself racing one competition event over and over to earn just enough money to buy that extra engine part that you want.
NEG If you want a fast paced, fun, exciting, and non-repetitive game, then get Burnout 2 or Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit 2. These two games have a lot more different game modes that will keep you busy for hours while your Gran Turismo 3 sits on the shelf.
NEU Purchased this with expectations that the mini-games would be easy to get into and fun.
NEG After trying them out, I can only describe them as tedious.
NEG Every game seems to have 10 or so 'intro' screens that you have to go through.
NEG To make matters worse, there are different ways to get through the intro screens.
NEG Some require pushing A, others you have to select options with the cursor then click A, others require jumping to get a random dice roll.
NEG Then getting into the game itself this type of tediousness continues all over again.
NEU Here's the deal.
POS It is cool to blow big holes in the side of buildings.
POS I am also a big fan of shooting the trees down.
POS The single player has some moments that are kind of funny.
NEU My complaints with the game are as follows.
NEG Ok first off it seems like my guys top speed is a breath taking 2 mph, 3 mph if I am sprinting.
NEG The graphics are not all that great.
NEG The controls are sloppy and it is hard to be very accurate.
NEG Some of the things they put in the game to be clever are just stupid.
NEG Like the injector that heals you, which means you have to put away your gun to heal yourself.
NEG This wouldn't be so bad if I wasn't using the damn thing every 10 seconds.
NEG Also the vehicle repair tool that you just grind against the side of a car to make it run again.
NEG What's the point of that?
NEG If you want to stab someone the knife stays in your hand so you have to pull out your gun again.
NEG Also the multiplayer sucks, blow up gold crates....
NEU Whatever.
NEG I hear they are releasing new modes, but who cares when the game play is this bad.
NEG Anyways, maybe I am just spoiled from Halo and COD4. But it feels like they rushed this game out.
NEG I recommend that you keep your money and wait for the really good games this fall.
NEG This was a ripoff.
NEG The missions are dark and pretty dull.
NEG There is hardly any new competitive multiplayer content.
NEG 3 maps...
NEG Wow, could have been a expansion pack.
NEG I don't understand why they would make a new game with no improvements.
NEG If anything this is a crappy version of Halo 3 that comes with a Halo 3 multiplayer disk...
NEG way to go Bungie. Thats a shame, I had high hopes for this game.
NEU Oh well, the wait continues for Modern Warfare 2.
NEG This is the worst game I have ever played.
NEG The story makes Stargate Atlatis look like Oscar material.
NEG The rest is going forward mindlessly shooting at braindead monsters that dance forward and backwards.
NEG ( Like in any House of the Dead game ) nothing else.
NEG How this is considered the best game of all times is beyond me.
NEU I've been am avid gamer for nearly two decades now.
NEG Of all my purchases, ( that include text-only games ) this is the one that I most regret.
NEG The only reason I give it a 1 is because of the graphics, just as another review stated: terrible game with nice coat of paint to hide it's rust.
NEG That's about all it amounts too, and again on that same review it's more then likely due to buying out any possibility of competition.
NEU 2K Sports was kicking EA Sports a$$ in the football category.
NEG It was becoming too much for EA Sports to take with the annual humiliation from the up-start 2K Sports so they just bought the NFL rights to creating football video games.
NEG That was nothing but a pu$$y move on their part...
NEG can't beat 'em so buy out the rights to make it at all???
NEG Yeah, you really showed them...
NEG EA Sports aren't Gods of anything...
NEG they're ruthless dictators with no ba11s.
NEG 'Disastrous' WOW, after months of waiting and anticipation I can only say that one word when playing one of the biggest dissapointments in gaming history.
NEG Two Worlds is crap and any person that thinks differently needs serious mental help.
NEG The game is jerky, the blood effects are straight outta mortal kombat, combat is so ridiculous that boars and wolves make you their **** But by far the worst part has to be horse riding.
NEG Basically the horses control like they have ice skates on.
NEG I don't think the creators could have done a worse job and honestly I hope SouthPeak doesn't get the option to make any more games.
NEG Anyway I would advise you to never purchase this game unless you like making bad investments.
NEG STAY AWAY FROM TWO WORLDS...DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID!!!
NEG I'm going to voice my biggest complaint about this game first, so that anyone thinking of buying BIA because it looks 'realistic' or because it looks like a 'simulation' might be deterred.
NEG The major drawback to the game is actually one of the simpler things: You are forced to use bulletproof wooden fences (huh?), haybails, and tin barrels as legitimate cover for yourself and your squad.
NEG This is all in a game which claims to let you use 'Real Military Tactics.'
NEG Ridiculous stuff.
NEG The tutorial part of the game actually instructs you to use things like fences as defendable positions.
NEG Exactly what soldier did they consult for those great hints?
NEG Basically, you cannot crawl on the ground or go prone, so using dips in the terrain is not too common.
NEG The rare gully and stone wall or rock is really your only option for 'real' cover, but the game more or less expects you to use the haybails to hide behind when a German with an MP40 is shooting at you.
NEG I would LOVE to know what was going through the minds of the designers for Brothers In Arms when it comes to that portion of the game.
NEG Come on - you don't have to be a genius to note that an MG42 is going to tear a wooden fence to bits and pieces, so why would the majority of the cover provided be thin wood or tin?
NEG No soldier in his right mind would scramble to a fence when being fired on, unless it was his last and only place to try and hide.
POS The sound effects are great and accurate, making it seem like you're in a movie (the rip rip rip of the MG42 is what it should be -- alarming).
POS The visuals and firefights seem great as well, grenade explosions look like they should and the flak being fired into the sky by Germans in fields around you makes it very immersive.
NEG I played this on my friend's 360 and then on my own Playstation 3. (I confess that I'm a Playstation fan -- bought the PS1, PS2, and now the PS3.) The frame rate and color depth on the PS3 version are pretty depressing in comparison to the 360 version.
NEG Simple. But you'd think they could do more with a $600 system and such a 'simple' game.
NEG It's not like it's using photo-realistic graphics or anything, and yet...
NEG I feel like I'm using a really slow computer to play a really graphically enhanced game.
NEG Needless to say, I feel very let down.
NEU At least I still have Fight Night...
NEG I must by saying Universal Studios is a fantastic theme park but the game just offends it.
NEG I doubt the producers have ever been to it.
NEG And since when did Universal Studios have a quiz game?
NEG It also puzzles me about the character selection because nobody has high speed or anything so there is really no need.
NEG Read on to see what else makes this game unplayable.
NEG GRAPHICS 4/10 All Gamecube games have exceptionally good graphics, but this sadly will remind you of the chunky, low polygon rate graphics of Nintendo 64. As this was the first Gamecube game I played I thought of selling my Gamecube (but then I played Star Fox Adventures).
NEG Like when you try cuddle Frankenstien, you don't cuddle him, you get impaled on his arm and you get 200 points or so (you would expect it to subtract points wouldn't you?)
NEG and then the controller unexpectedly rumbles.
NEG I also went right through a bench once.
NEG And I also find myself running through a lot of people.
NEG MUSIC & SOUND EFFECTS 0/10 The starting music is mute pressing material and when you get into the actual game, it does not change.
NEG It is impossible to survive the music, even though there is very little of it, when it happens you will be sorry that you did not mute.
NEG It would be good if there was actual music for the regular gameplay.
NEG GAMEPLAY 0/10 I would give this a something if I knew how to enter the games!
NEG The gameplay is not worthy of anything.
NEG There is no clear entry to a game (except when the person says: '' Here it is, have fun!
NEG ''). And you earn points for things that you don't even see.
NEG They tried to make a good item system, but they unfortunately failed, and quite miserably may I add?
NEG The games are too quest based and if the rides were just rides then, it may have received a six or even a seven, but the gameplay stopped it from getting a 4. OVERALL 3/10 This game is amazingly unique, but the gameplay, graphics, music and sound effects ruin it.
NEG It seems that the uniqueness and potential were, unfortunately, not enought to save the game.
NEG It would also help if there were clear instructions on how to enter games and I can imagine a lot of people getting horribly frustrated or aggravated, angry or upset about not being able to enter the games.
NEU RENT OR BUY?
NEG Neither, I got this with my Game Cube so I did not fall for any traps.
NEG If you want good rides, go to Universal Studios, do not buy this, it just does not cut it.
NEG If you are looking for a game buy Star Fox Adventures or Mario Party 6, not this.
NEG Clear instructions, realistic rides and better graphics would of made this 7 to 10 out of 10 material, but because this is everything the game is missing it unfortunately won't impress.
NEU Sincerely signed, gummybearz2000
NEU 'Check your bargain bin' Being a huge fan of UfC, I recently ordered this from out of country.
NEU I knew beforehand that the game got average reviews, if that.
NEU I liked it on the dream cast though and wanted to add a different type of fighting game to my collection.
POS There are many characters to choose from and almost as many fighting styles.
NEU I purchased this game for the purpose of having this as a quick pick me up with friends and beer.
POS The 8 man tournament possible warrants this purchase.
NEG Unfortunately the game lacks substance.
NEG The music is horrible and I am not one to even mention the music.
NEG The crowd sound effect is almost, if not worse then the music (Apes chanting???).
NEU The fighting mechanics consist of Left and right punch buttons and left and right kick buttons.
NEG So with all this negativity, it looks like I foolishly wasted $30 dollars to get this mediocre game shipped to me, especially already knowing that it lacked.
POS The only way you will get enjoyment out of this is by doing the tournament with friends.
NEG I haven't completed legend mode(defend the belt 7 times) but after that I think it will collect dust.
NEG I can't recommend this game even if you are a big UFC fan like myself.
NEG 'Total letdown' Let me just clear some things up first.
NEG This game is NOT the real Ninja Council 3, it's actually the 4th version in Japan. Since this game has no story at all, D3 decided to take Naruto: Saikyou Ninja Daikesshu 4 and modify it to be in line with the American dub of Naruto. If you're fimiliar with the previous versions of Ninja Council, prepare to be disappointed big time.
NEU The previous 3 (or 2 in this case) were based on platforming with some 1 on 1 battles for bosses.
NEU This game is entirely mission based, you start from doing D ranked missions all the to S rank.
NEU I'm sure most have heard of a game called Jump Super Stars (or Ultimate Stars) before.
NEG This game is a very dumbed down version of that game (which also features Naruto as a playable character) you only attack with ONE button making it a easy game to play.
NEG This is a bad idea because matches involve no strategy at all.
NEG To make things worse, Tomy added alot of playable characters from the anime in this game, it's too bad all of them play EXACTLY the same.
NEG Another thing that might piss you off is how broken this game is.
NEU Certain characters like Naruto have jutsu's that are highlighted in blue, these jutsu's cover the entire screen meaning there's nowhere to hide and are unblockable at the same time.
NEU Sakura also has a healing ability that might prolong multiplayer matches.
NEG You can also mix and match jutsu's from other characters, but that gets old fast.
NEG I forgot to mention that weapons in this game are USELESS, don't even bother picking them up.
POS One good thing about this game is it feature voices from the anime while performing a jutsu.
NEU RENT or BUY?
NEG I recommend neither.
NEG Not only is this game an embarrassment and rip-off, it was created for the sole purpose of making a quick buck off Naruto fans.
NEG Another thing is the US version of this game is missing 8 characters, a few jutsu's and 1 stage.
NEU March 9, 2008: One of the most anticipated days in video game history, the day Super Smash Bros. Brawl came out in the US I was so excited.
NEU I pre-ordered a copy and all that.
NEU I went to pick it up, and decided to get the strategy guide with it.
POS I get home and put the game in my Wii. The first few minutes I was thinking, 'Okay, this is pretty cool.'
NEU But I had yet to explore any real meat, as I only played for 30 minutes.
NEU The next day would be SSBB's judgment day.
POS I played the next day and had fun.
NEG For the first 20 minutes.
NEG When playing alone, SSBB loses it's value quickly.
NEG At that point it only holds up as one of those games that's only fun with other people(*cough*Mario Party*cough*). Sadly SSBB eventually loses it's fun factor when it comes to multiplayer, too.
NEU Why is this?
NEU Well there are many reasons, spread out among the different aspects of the game.
POS In brief, the graphics are jaw-dropping good for a Wii game and will have you begging for more.
POS The coloring of the elements are also beautiful.
POS The movements of all the characters are smooth and defined.
POS All those combined make SSBB some great eye candy.
NEU But that's really all SSBB is to me.
NEG ~Gameplay: 3/10~ SSBB gameplay is good for the first day and a half, after that it drops dead faster than you can say 'let down.'
NEG Playing through adventure to unlock stuff gets really tedious, as it's LONG. So does event mode.
NEU I played all 51 and what do I get?
NEU A stage or two?
NEG That's it for 51 whole events!?
NEG What a waste of time.
NEG Barely. Soon this game becomes another case with a disc inside collecting dust on your shelf.
NEG So sad......
NEG Smash Bros. games are expected to have a perfect replay value, but this one's longevity is INCREDIBLY low.
NEG Thus bringing the score down.
NEG Way down.
POS Final thoughts: If your a die hard Smash Bros. fan, then you'll like this game.
NEG If your not, then you won't.
NEG This game is barely worth a rent, because you'll lose interest quick.
NEU But rent it anyway just to see if you agree with my viewpoint.
NEG 'Disappointing' This game ain't as good as the other 2D Sonic games This game is originally for the Sega CD then I found out this game was ported to PC. Even though I rarely play games on my PC I went to order this on EBay then I got it a days later then got around to playing it and I was dissapoint!
NEU In this game instead of saving animals you actually save flowers.
POS And it's cool how can travel from the past into the future.
NEG It's just lacking something.
NEG Maybe it's the level designs' cheapness.
NEG It is really annoying how cheap this and some places take pure luck to beat.
NEG For the music part the music is pretty weird too.
NEU Oh and why can't you use Tails or Amy is this game?
NEU I mean Amy is right their shown in this game and you could use Tail in the one before this (Sonic 2) but why not here?
NEG Their certainly is better Sonic games out their.
POS I really wanted to 'love' Chaos Legion. It had a lot of the right ingredients for a killer action game - creepy monsters, stylish combos, and lots of frenetic hack-'n'-slash melee fighting.
NEU How could this possibly have gone wrong?
NEG Well, let's see...For starters, the pacing of the game is very uneven.
NEG You'll often find yourself trapped in a closed arena withhordes of monsters, just needing to find the right combination of Legions (your demonic partners in this game) to kill 'em all and move on.
NEG Rinse, repeat, add water if necessary.
NEG This sort of stop-and-go fighting takes away from the sense of danger that a game like this is supposed to have.
NEG The graphics don't do this game justice, either.
NEU There's also an RPG element to the game, which allows you to increase the levels of your Legions to give them more powerful and varied attacks.
NEG But since you can only upgrade your Legions between levels, and it takes such a ridiculous amount of EXP to earn even the most basic of upgrades, it hardly seems worth it in the end.
POS Fans of the mindless hack-'n'-slash might just like this one as a rental.
NEG Everyone else should steer clear.
POS 'Check your bargain bin' The Game play of this game was done very well.
POS With very nice execution style moves with the knife i got into it very quick.
NEG The Aiming feature has yet to be desired however.
NEG I found the cross hairs a little too sensitive and the amount of time between checkpoints too long.
NEG Nothing like spending 10minutes blasting through soldiers then all of a sudden when your about to hit the end you get jumped by 3 soldiers out of nowhere and you have to start 10 minutes back and do everything all over again.
NEU i didn't even clear at least 75% of the game however.
POS This game did have one feature i thought was awesome and it was the Lethality of the 'Knife' quickly hitting the right trigger button at the right time would do an instant execute on any soldier and almost any dinosaur(up to the raptor).
POS Halo has a creative plot, some interesting sets, cool weapons and aliens.
NEG But this game is way too long and repetitious.
NEG It's one of the few shooters I've ever played where I was hoping the game would end sooner.
NEU I made the mistake of playing the game at the 'difficult' level rather than 'normal'.
NEG Some of the chapters are extremely difficult where you have to kill hundreds of aliens before you get to save the game at a checkpoint.
NEG If you get killed, you have to do it all over again, and again, and again, ... I recommend playing this game at the 'normal' setting the first time - perhaps then it would have been more fun.
POS 'Been there, done that' Diddy's back and better than ever!
NEU The N64 version of Diddy Kong Racing was highly overlooked because it was launched along side the notorious Mario Kart 64. Diddy Kong Racing was easily overshadowed because of Mario, however, many gamers enjoyed the N64 version of the game because it gave spice to the regular racing tradition, allowing you to race in the traditional kart, airplane or hovercraft.
NEU Also, during races this time, instead of collecting banana's you collect coins.
NEU Some levels have many, while others don't.
NEU In the story once you complete all the races in one world, you must go back and collect a set number of balloons to pass that portion of the level.
NEU If you compared Mario Kart DS and Diddy Kong Racing DS you could clearly see the difference in graphics.
NEG The game has very blocky graphics bringing down its overall appeal.
NEG The character models and karts are especially blocky, while the worlds are alright, but have only been slightly touched up from the N64 version.
NEG In truth, I was expecting a lot more than what I got in terms of graphics.
NEU Replay value often makes and breaks the game.
POS Multiplayer in both the N64 and DS versions of the game are extremely alike, and are good natured fun with friends.
NEG Sadly, some aspects of the multiplayer require you to unlock battle modes and things of that nature.
NEG The game seems as if it merely copied of Mario Kart DS at parts.
NEG Ghosts, abdominal snow men, Lochness, the story is almost identical to to the first.
NEG The story is old, you gain all of your Brothers then you lose them, then you gain them back.
NEG Re-playability 1/5 After the credits the only thing to do is a few side-quests that only help with bragging rights.
NEU If you play for a hour and a half everyday then buy it but if you play for much longer pick up a different game.
NEG If you have the choice between this and Pokemon then buy Pokemon.
NEG Final Fantasy VII had no plot, and Final Fantasy VIII played like a Jane Austin Novel. Final Fantasy IX regurgitates every possible cliche in history, and draws out these cliches for hours.
NEG Overall, the effort put into this games plot must have been minimal, making the game highly unmemorable.
NEG The towns, castles, and dungeons look just as real as the ones from FF 7 and FF 8. This makes the characters look out of place--especially in FMV sequences--because the characters are deformed looking.
NEG Character themes are mellow and boring.
NEG Story -- 4 This is easily the weakest element in the game.
NEG It is about a boy named Vivi who doesn't know anything about his past and spends the whole game discovering the exact same things that Terra and Cloud discovered in Final Fantasy 6 and 7. Oh, and Garnet also discovers her past through a series of flashbacks that establish her as something that we the player already knew from the first few hours of playing the game.
NEG Zidane is a girl crazy teen who's idealistic immaturity is as boring as his one line pickups.
NEG He has no depth.
NEG Zidane seems thrown into the game as a marketing tool to entertain the 13 year old boys who will be purchasing this game.
NEG Other side characters are completely recycled and poorly developed compared to there older counterparts.
NEG Eiko is a Relm (FF6) character who takes up too much plot fawning over the sexy Zidane (oooh, monkey tails...), and Amarant is like a dummied down Shadow (FF6).
NEG Quin is of course the Gogo character, only stupider.
NEG The main characters fail to hold the players interest as well.
NEG Princess Garnet (aka Dagger), in Square tradition, is the magic using chick that was born from some special summoner race, yatta yatta.
NEG You've seen her many many times before, only the last few times you saw her, she was interesting.
NEU Rydia from FF4 held our interest because we got to see her develop from childhood to adulthood in an epic.
NEU Terra's character pulled at our heart strings as we saw the oppression of her people, and the effects of being a slave to the scientific horrors of the empire.
NEU Even Aeris from FF7 touched us when she was killed by Sephiroth.
NEG Dagger just simply exists in this title, and is so predictable, that her story could have been summed up in about 20 minutes of the game.
NEG Square gave us the ever annoying ''Active Time Event'' (ATE) in this game to give us, the player, and opportunity to see the character interact outside of the party.
NEG Weee. The ATE adds so little to the plot, and takes up so much time, that it seems that Square added them to take up time and disc space.
NEU I know what Square was attempting.
NEU They were trying to develop the characters through a series of normal events.
NEG Unfortunately, the ATEs add so little to the game that they almost interrupt the game when they occur so frequently.
NEU Now for the actual plot of the game.
NEU Disc one is spent going between the different characters, introducing them, and creating highly staged situations in which the different characters end up coming together.
NEU Zidane is the main character, however we don't really spend much time getting to know him.
NEU This may be due to the fact that his character consists of ''Don't be mad, we are all friends,'' or ''Hey baby, you look lovely today.''
NEG There really isn't anything to the main character, which is unfortunate since we spend so much time with him.
NEG Since he is a thief, why not make him more devious.
NEU There are points in the game where he admits to abuse he suffered in childhood, and that is why he became a thief.
NEG Why not expand more on that story to give his character more of an edge: making him distrustful, perhaps bitter, or even insecure.
NEG None of these factor into his character however, and we are left with a thief so lifeless and boring that we wonder what all these love sick girls see in him.
NEG The Villian is a total rehash of FF6 and FF7. His character is pointless and arbitrary to the game as a whole.
NEG He is thrown in to give us a villian.
NEG There is no real motive behind his evil, and he starts out as a powerful almost indestructible god.
NEG This is unfortunate since it alerts the player of who the last boss shall be.
NEG Why not just alert the player by saying ''Hi, I'm going to be the last boss in this game, or at least one of the last bosses.''
NEG Square's ''old school'' attempts went to waste since there really wasn't anything ''old school'' about this game--not plot wise anyway.
NEU Final Fantasy 4 and 6 were noted for their originality and ability to draw players into the game for hours at a time.
NEG As I played this game, I just wanted to hurry up and beat it.
POS Only some characters can use white magic, some black, some summon, and the rest have their own special attacks.
POS I like this system much better than junctioning and materia and even espers.
NEU You still get AP points and learn powerful abilities through weapons, which makes the gameplay a little easy.
NEU By the middle of the game, all of the characters have so many abilities that they are practically immune to every statis effect.
NEU Magic is learned very very slowly in this game.
NEU Instead of limit breakers, characters have trance which gives them a powerful ability that they can use.
NEU Also, you can use four characters in this game again, although it is still a step down from the five characters you could use in Final Fantasy 4. Weapons are primarily bought in stores, or forged together to make new weapons.
NEG Dungeons in this game are EXTREMELY short and only take long because of the random encounter every step and a half.
NEG And speaking of battles, this game is one of the easiest Final Fantasies ever.
NEU I never died playing this game.
NEG Bosses are simple, regular battles are simple, yet annoying since they take so long to load.
NEG Level gaining is quick, and irrelevant since it seems to not matter what level the party is at.
NEG What is with Square and having the characters do 9999 damage regularly?
NEG This makes the game way too easy.
NEG Perhaps Square should attempt to create a new type of battle system that offers more intriguing strategies.
NEG Replay -- 2 Long, Boring, and pointless.
NEG When the game is over, you feel numb, as if you have watched 3 Disney movies in a row.
NEG The game could essentially pass as a Disney movie.
NEG This Final Fantasy was extremely dissappointing, especially since I had such high hopes for it.
NEG The whole ''the crystals are back thing'' sounded nice...except that you don't bother with crystals until disc 3! The characters were beyond cliche, beyond trite, they were flat, like cardboard cut outs, or movie extras.
NEG The story was poorly developed and executed.
NEG At least Final Fantasy VIII gave us characters that we could focus on.
NEG At least Squall had an angle to him.
NEG Hell, even Cloud, the soldier who barely talked and had no recollection of the past seemed more real than any of the characters in FF9. I guess the only thing ''old school'' about this game was the lack of plot.
NEG Why not just redo Final Fantasy 1? None of the characters talked at all in the original Final Fantasy.
NEG Without all of the pointless chitter chatter, we would be allowed to beat the game quicker.
NEG All in all, I hope Square tries a little harder next time.
NEG This game could have been prevented.
NEG I wish I hadn't bought this game, and so will you.
POS 'Amazing' I have an N64 as you already know, and at first the only good game i had was Super Mario 64 and LOZ:OOT. I knew there had to be more games than that.
NEU Then one of my friends showed me banjo kazooie, and it was excellent.
NEU Then i saw this game, and i saw that Rare made it so i bought it.
POS It is an adventurous game that provides lots of gameplay and excellent graphics Gamplay- Amazing!
POS Unbelievably great!!!
POS Graphics- For N64 is was really good!
POS Sound- Amazing!!!
POS They definitely improved the sound on the this game compared to banjo kazooie Value- worth every cent!!!
POS It surprises me how this game is underrated!
POS I was really surprised the first time I played it.
NEU But does it really matter...?
NEG No, since it's almost a brand-new game, they put so much new features that if you didn't like the old one, you're almost sure to put it in your top ten games after trying it.
POS Even if this game is so underrated, even if so many people think this game is not really good, I'm going to tell you how this game can be great to play!
POS Gameplay- You'll get the hand of the control really fast and you will finally begin your training as a vampire hunter!
POS The camera is also easy to master: you press the button it's assigned to and it will come right behind you.
NEU Like in most adventure games, there are enigmas, action and fighting.
NEU Some enigmas are quite hard to figure out, but the game is more based on action and fighting.
NEU If you are a person who get scared really easily, you might find it a little scary...I did!
POS Score: 10/10 Story - Count Dracula has again arisen: Cornell, a strong man-beast, ventures into Castlevania to find his kidnapped sister and to destroy Dracula.
POS Pretty good story, and if it seems simple, don't worry; you will soon get into it.
POS But it doesn't end here!
NEU Seven years after Cornell's quest, three warriors are also following his path, as the darkness arises again.
NEU Henry, a boy whom Cornell had saved, Reinhardt, a descendant of the Belmont bloodline, and Carrie, a girl with magical powers, also venture into Castlevania and each have their own story.
POS In addition to Count Dracula, Cornell, Reinhardt and Carrie all have a second enemy who will taunt you during the game, so this is no boring story!
POS Score: 10/10 Graphics - The graphics aren't the best I've ever seen, but they're still quite good looking, and they are by far better than average graphics.
POS Castlevania really looks like an old castle, and your characters are really well-designed.
POS The places never look the same, which is a good point.
POS The lightning effects are particularly good, and so does the fog.
POS During night time, you can see the red moon up there in the sky, which looks almost real.
POS The enemies look so real, you really think you have a three-headed dog in front of you:) Score: 9/10 Music/Sound - Though the music might get annoying (sometimes), it's still really great and it fits with the atmosphere of the place you are in. It really makes you ''get into the game''.
POS There is all kind of music, and depending in which kind of place you are, you can get calm music or rock-like music.
POS You will have all your time to enjoy it, as there is usually one different music for each different stage in the game.
POS This makes the game even scarier.
POS As for the sounds, they are almost perfect.
POS The lightning sounds really good, and you can hear your character walking, attacking, getting hurt or dying and the enemies moaning, fighting, growling or yelling in pain after they take a hit or die (especially the vampires' death, it sounds so cool!).
POS Score: 9.5/10 Play Time/Replayability - The good point about this is that you have four characters to complete the game with: each has to take a different path to complete their tasks, so the game will last quite a long time for even a good player.
NEG However, once you've done a stage with one of the character, you will most likely have to go through it again with another sooner or later: there are only two stages that are unique to one player: the others are going to have to be completed two, three or even four times, which makes the replay value not really good.
POS It depends on how you like the game, but it took me a long time before I even got a little bored.
POS Score: 8.5/10 Overall score: 9/10 Final Recommendation - Look for it, find it, buy it!!
NEU This game is hard to find, so you will have a hard time finding it.
POS You're really going to love it, don't think his game is bad, 'cause it's good and you're going to enjoy it.
POS So if you manage to get your hands on it: you just got one of the greatest game ever!
NEG I'ma really huge Harvest Moon fan, but this one really disappointed me.
NEG Don't think this is a true port of the really good SNES game Harvest Moon, because Natsume, the company who created all the HM games, took of the major part of the game: interacting with others.
NEU So this game is a complete failure?
POS No, of course not!
POS It's still a great game, but not the best HM game ever made: they could have made it better.
NEU Why? Read this.
NEU The original Harvest Moon for SNES was great, I played it at my friend's house and I really loved it!
NEU You could wander around in the village, climb up the mountain, make friends and get one of the five village girl to marry you.
NEG In this game, they took off all that fun stuff that made the game somehow special.
NEU Harvest Moon games, basically, are farming games.
NEU I say basically, because they're much, much more than that.
NEU You can interact with all the villagers (sometimes even marry girls) and run around to explore your little village and its surroundings while participating in some really fun festivals!
NEG This is what gives Harvest Moon games a little something special, and they took it all off!
NEG The only ones you can interact with are the little harvest sprites, located right under your shed.
NEG However, they almost always say the same phrase everyday, and they're not very talkative (…). As for the mountain, there is simply none!
NEG The village still exists, of course, but you can only go shopping there: the shopkeepers are only “pictures”, not persons, and you can't move around in the shop.
NEG All you see is the counter with the produces on display and the shopkeeper in front of you.
NEG There are still 5-6 festivals, but all you can do to participate is to talk to the shopkeepers (only way you can interact with them, but they always say the same things).
NEG At your farm, the only place (beside festivals) you can move around, all you do is care about your farm.
NEG You can have up to four cows and four chickens at a time, which is not much.
POS But, the games still have it good points!
POS After befriending the Harvest Sprites, they will actually work for you while you sleep!
POS This new function is really cool, the game continues while you are not even playing!
POS Also, if you like growing crops and having huge fields of carrots, cabbages, turnips, eggplants, grass, whatever of the many vegetables available, you have plenty of space to work on, 'cause your field is really large!
POS Another cool thing is that you can choose I you want to be a girl farmer, a boy farmer, a pet cat or a pet dog!
POS Control: I can't say they're bad; in fact they're pretty easy to use, if only you could carry more things, but they're really good!
NEG This is about it for the gameplay part, but I won't give it a high score, it's not really good.
POS Score: 5.5/10 Graphics- Not bad, in fact, I'd say they're pretty good.
POS Especially the shopkeepers, they're very well designed when you see them in the shops.
POS Even though they're like “pictures” they still look great like this!
POS Everything is well colored.
POS People do look like people!
NEG Still, as good they may be, the cows really look bad in this game.
POS But that's the only detail I can think of, because, for a Gameboy game, they did pretty well for the graphics!
POS Not perfect graphics, but extremely good graphics!
NEG Score: 9/10 Music– In one word: repetitive!!
NEG The spring and winter musics will get on your nerves when you hear them; they're slow!
NEG If they are going to give us the same music that you keep hearing, day after day, hour after hour, why didn't they take their time and compose some good music, like the Summer and Fall ones?
POS Those are good, and they won't bother you before a long time.
NEG But, it's like that with all of the Harvest Moons…
NEG I don't know, give us something nice to hear, that makes you want to move around!
NEG With 5-6 different tunes in the game, that you keep hearing over…and over…and…………over!!
NEG Whatever the season, the music, you will get sick to hear it, so take off the sound on your Gameboy, choose one of your favourite songs, find a CD player and enjoy good music while playing the game!
NEU Score- 3.5/10 Story- Your dead grandfather's spirit comes one day to tell you to take over his neglected farm…
NEU All HM have a story like that, but this time it's actually your grandpa's ghost who asks you himself to take over his farm, so it's a bit different.
NEU Score: 5/10 Play Time / Replayability – Like long games?
NEU This game is really, really long!
NEU How long?
NEU Well, it's infinite!
NEU You will surely want to play 1 year, at least.
NEU Two years, until you are Ranch Master. Another year to gain another time the title of Ranch Master. The fourth year, to fully accomplish your job, and get the umbrella.
NEU But after that…
NEG Surely you will look for more challenge, if you have played until the fourth year (I didn't) you should be bored by now.
NEU The play time is infinite, but nothing really different will happen after the first year, so it's up to you.
NEU Score: 8/10 Final Score: 7/10 So…
NEG it's not a good game.
NEG But if you have money for one more HM, don't buy this one, it's the worst of them all.
NEG Compared to the other HM, it's no good.
POS Compared to some other games I played, it can rocks.
NEU But… Rent before buying…
NEU If you like it, buy it and be prepared to become a hard-working farmer, or even a Ranch Master:P
POS I have played this game up to level 13 so far and I am very impressed with the later level designs.
NEU Got to run around a wartorn planet, a Tau spaceship, an Imperial spaceship...
NEU Wonder what's next?
POS There is no doubt that great fun can be had in this game, so you can take what the critics say with a pinch of salt...
NEG The sound is also a let down because you can hear the enemies uttering similar remarks throughout the game - sometimes giving away their position.
POS If you can live with that, you WILL enjoy this game!
POS Graphics Abseloutly amazing.
POS the war torn cities are immensely detailed, the effects are pretty damn good aswell.
NEG some units arnet up to scratch however.
NEG Value Seems very long, but the campain can get a bit boring, those videos really get on your nerves aswell.
POS definatley buy if you're a C&C fan
POS Without a doubt the most well designed game I have yet played.
POS It is NOT a sequel to Starcraft, and it is NOT an AoE rip-off either.
POS It is the most original RTS game out there, as it adds in a role playing flavor with the advent of Heroes, special characters each of the races have.
POS Many people claim that the heroes are unbalanced because they are so much better than normal characters, but that is a stupid statement.
POS They are very powerful, but everyone has 3 of them, and they balance each other, being the same costs/availability.
POS They each have their roles, and the ways they interact with their allies and opponents is a large part of the game.
POS All in all I think the game is a sophisticated chess match, and like chess takes many hours to master, so don't buy this game if you are short on time.
POS The game play is incredible for two reasons.
POS The first is the Artificial Intelligence, which is amazing.
NEG Not so much as your computer opponents AI when you play the single player games, that AI is weak.
POS But the AI that controls your troops in battle, responds to your commands, etc. is probably the best I have ever seen.
POS The ability to put spells on auto-cast (and the effectiveness of the AI at deploying them) is amazing.
POS The way troops react is so realistic it is unparalleled.
POS The second thing that sets this game apart is the 4 races.
NEU Some people complain that other games have more.
NEU But in those other games, they are usually all too similar, they are just the same groups and have mostly the same stuff, but some of their stuff is stronger than other factions and some weaker (maybe their air attack is strong but their troops weak).
NEU This usually makes only one or two factions dominant, as one aspect tends to be overpowering.
POS No such thing in WarCraft 3. Granted, each faction has similarities.
POS But the differences are much greater, and so well balanced that you see each faction represented among top players almost equally.
POS Any race can truly beat any race.
POS The graphics are sweet.
POS Even on medium, which I have them on, they look excellent.
NEU The simple fact of RTS games is that graphics aren't that important anyway.
NEU True, you like to be able to distinguish your units, but for the most part it's kind of like chess, who cares what they look like; you only care what they do.
POS But don't get me wrong, the graphics on this game are incredible, I've ran them with a GeForce4 TI 4200 128 mb on high everything it was very impressive.
NEU It just isn't a big deal to me in an RTS.
POS 'Almost, but not quite' So here's my review of Mercenaries 2 World in Flames review for the Xbox 360. I enjoyed this game.
NEG I'll admit the plotline sucked, the guns feel weak, and the worlds kind of boring.
POS Pros: Fun game play.
POS You go running around soaking up hundreds of bullets, and killing or destroying anything near you.
POS Big selection of military vehicles.
POS Good graphics.
NEG However, towards the end of the game the graphics start to suck.
NEG The cities are all dark; I suppose from smog and smoke from guns, and cannons, ect.
NEG However, at this point in the game, the draw distances become smaller, and the game looks just about as good as it did on the ps2.
POS However, in sunny VZ, the game looks nice.
POS Also, the explosions look great.
POS Airstrikes are great, fun, and you'll always have them.
POS It's fun to get a sports car, or monster truck delivered to you in the middle of a battle.
NEG Cons: Guns are weak and inaccurate.
NEG You can barely hit guys across the streets with a M4. Racing missions are just annoying.
NEG I hated them and they stopped me form playing the game over again.
NEG Sometimes there are cheap deaths.
NEG For example, 30 guys with RPG's will shoot at you all at once.
NEG Maps to big.
NEG There's just nothing to do at a lot of the places.
POS However, Mercs 2 was fun, and I did enjoy it.
POS The greatest spectacle in sports-entertainment is back!
NEU No other event in the history of wrestling has seen more legendary match-ups and classic championship battles that have forever changed the face of wrestling.
NEU No other event has revolutionized the world of wrestling with gripping drama and brutal intensity.
NEU No other event has epitomized Vince McMahon's vision of sports-entertainment.
NEU It can only mean one event: the infamous WrestleMania.
POS WWF WrestleMania X8's original gameplay engine recreates all the action, excitement and tradition WWF fans have come to love.
POS Experience the intensity and exhilaration of professional wrestling as you step onto the mat to fight the most brutal band of brawlers around.
POS Master each Superstar's unique wrestling style and turn the tide of the match through a combination of counters, reversals and bone-shattering finishing moves.
POS Play as top WWF Superstars including newcomers Rob Van Dam, Booker T, DDP,Hurricane, and now thq has said that Kevin Nash and Scott Hall and Hollywood Hulk Hogan that's right the NWO will be in the game now.
POS Compete in six different venues including SmackDown!, Raw and the ultimate extravaganza, WrestleMania.
POS Finally, relive the rich history surrounding WrestleMania and compete for championship glory through a host of match types including death-defying TLC matches or legendary Hell in a Cell match-ups.
NEU ...
POS 'Immersive' The games still great after months of playing.
POS Even those who don't like star wars will love the great story.
POS The controls are spot on.
POS As with all star wars games the sound is great but, the voice acting especially shines.
POS The ability to chose the dark side or light side through random killing or giving a way money is beautiful.
POS Plenty of force powers and items to use.
POS Plus full customization of your character.
NEG The graphics are the only flaw.
NEG The background are bland.
NEG And the frame chugs every so often.
POS Bottom line love Star wars get it.
POS Love RPG's get it.
POS The Good: it's a fun co-op game & SP game (never tried PvP).
POS Huge world with beautiful graphics.
POS Fun and distinctive classes.
POS A lot of humor and interesting quests if you take time to read them.
POS Huge cities within the world.
POS If you liked Diablo and Titan Quest, I have no doubt you'll like this game.
NEG The Bad: As of May 2009, there are still critical bugs left in the game.
NEG Be aware that the game will likely crash for you at some point.
NEG Not enough bugs that I wouldn't recommend to buy it, based on the fact that it works fairly well for me.
NEG I was a first year AP US teacher when I purchased this book and another by the Princeton Review. Both books are intended to be complete resources for reviewing for the AP Exam, but the Princeton Review is substantially better in all areas.
NEG The selling point (I thought) in the REA book was the 'Six full length practice exams' it advertises.
NEG Though these tests are long, the questions are simplistic and are little like real AP questions.
NEG Most only require the student to know a definition.
NEG The essay questions are acceptable, but instead of explaining different approaches to writing the essay and evaluating the sources (like the Princeton Review) this book simply gives example essays.
NEG The biggest failing is the lack of depth about the AP test or proper strategy.
NEG Better yet, get yourself the Princeton Review book!
NEU The only reason that I read this book was because someone very close to me asked me to.
NEG It was terrible.
NEG I was outraged at the reviews and acclaim it has recieved, so much so that I decided to write my first review.
NEG Let me substantiate my claim: 1. It is historically inaccurate.
NEG It is not historical fiction, it is fiction.
NEU Check up on the information, rather than absorbing it unthinkingly!
NEG 2. The shallowness of the characters made me cringe.
NEG As I read the other reviews on this site, I could not believe that the shallow characters and relationships in the book actually satisfied people's literary tastes and excited their emotions.
NEG The 100+ positive reviews of this book mortified me.
NEG 3. The level of manipulation on the emotional and historical level that the author attempts is flat out insulting to the reader.
NEG Again, I was outraged.
NEG 4. (NB: I am neither a Jew nor an Arab) It sickens me to see the gross racial prejudice of the author.
NEG This is a hand guide to obvious intellectual/emotional underpinnings of 'reverse-Nazism', in Exodus, all non-Jews are gutless traitors lacking in all attributes desirable to a human being, while the heroic, courageous, morally upright, (superior race!)
NEG Jews lead an epic battle for the land that is rightfully theirs: just like the Germans did in 1939 against the 'evil' and 'inferior' Polish who were occupying 'their' land.
NEU 5. This is a direct quote from the book: 'Jew hating is an incurable disease'.
NEU Well, I guess I am very sick along with millions of others, somehow repressing my pathological need to hate Jews, and its only a matter of time until my 'incurable' subconscious hatred manifests itself.
NEU Or maybe we are dealing in pathetic and gross generalizations and being emotionally manipulative, with an obvious disregard for reality.
NEU You don't have to like my review or agree with me, but I challenge you to really read the book, not just swallow it.
NEG It won't taste nice, and its a bore.
NEU Impeaching Mere Creationism is an attempt to debunk the intelligent design and creation movements.
NEU The effectiveness of the book is accurately revealed when Frymire admitted that he had never read a creationist book until he read Johnson's Defeating Darwinism.
NEU Then he read two other of Johnson's books, and wrote the book being reviewed here.
NEU I have read several hundred books on creationism, both pro and con, and am not yet ready to write a book on creationism (although I have written 20 books so far, and have published several hundred articles, mostly on biology, my field).
NEG Frymire is appallingly ignorant of the creationism movement and this fact shows on almost every page.
NEU This will be obvious to an informed creationists.
NEU And evolutionists wonder why they are ineffective in converting creationists!
NEG Many of Frymire's conclusions are naive, and a large number are just plain wrong as will be obvious to any creationists.
NEU As they say, a man who has read one book is dangerous.
NEU One could add, one who has read 3 paperbacks by one creationists (and ignored the thousands of others by thousands of other creationists) is dangerous.
NEG The tragedy is uninformed persons will read and repeat Frymire's errors, and as a result will confuse the whole subject area.
NEU To find out what is true will then be even more difficult.
NEU This reminds me of the false rumor spread for so long that the Procter and Gamble symbol has something to do with demonism.
NEU They finally gave up trying to squash the rumor and dumped the symbol.
NEG In short this book will do more harm than good.
NEU I was very curious to read this book because of all the hype.
NEG The first being that her ego pervades the whole book, dominates and deludes the message.
NEU The whole point of the power of the sacred feminine and the path of truth, is that you surrender your ego, look outside yourself by going deeply within, and realize the universal power of the Goddess that lies within all women, and is half of the force which drives men, and provides the connective glue of the universe.
NEG By flagrantly violating narrative intrusion, making it obvious to the reader and by claiming that she believes herself to be an actual blood descendant of Mary Magdalene and that this is all some fictionalized recounting of events that she alleges have happened to her, she shows that she just doesn't get it.
NEG It's not all about ME!
NEG Secondly, I found myself distracted by the ham-handed writing quality.
NEU I could forgive it if like Dan Brown or some similar lesser talented Romance novelists; she had made up for it by mastering pacing and suspense.
NEG But the Oh, my gosh!
NEG factor was crippled by giving away too much too soon.
NEG I'd easily figured out what the puzzle was before turning the page.
NEU As in the scene where they puzzle over the meaning of the Scorpion in the painting.
NEU I wanted to scream, It's a zodiac sign for Scorpio you dolts!
NEU If you want to read a novel that truly empowers women and clearly states the path that celebrates the power of the Goddess, I suggest R. Douglas Weber's Solomon's Key: The CODIS Project.
NEU It pulls no punches regarding the demonizing of the sacred feminine, and tells a tale of how even the true rituals of Goddess empowerment have been corrupted by men, who like Ms. McGowan, have fallen into the ego trap.
NEU From Solomon's Key: They believed that sex, the sacred chemical wedding is the key or bridge to God or the cosmos.
NEU The Old Testament's Song of Solomon is a path working guide to the hidden corridor.
NEU Mary Magdalene, like all women, was the opener of the way, the sexual initiatrix.
NEU To female readers I say that Within each of us is the power of the Divine Mother. Goddess Power is about coming into that power, owning that power and learning how to use that power by an unselfish surrender of oneself, not by ego.
NEU SOLOMON'S KEY THE CODIS PROJECT: A CONSPIRACY THRILLER
NEU Michael Behe has stated (in interviews) that he does not agree with a 'materialist' explanation of nature.
NEU Materialism means that we take the view that only forces and matter are what determine physical phenomena.
NEU Behe takes the view that something else is involved - something best described as Supernatural.
NEU Yet there has been no repeatable experiment (eg prayer freezes water) to demonstrate a non-materialist position.
NEU But get this...
NEG Behe has said that if scientists were to discover some non-materialist phenomena, they would keep that discovery a secret!
NEG First of all, it is open to anybody, not just scientists, to show that materialism it not a complete explanation.
NEG And to hint that scientists are keeping (or would keep) supernatural explanations secret completely misreads what science is all about.
NEU Science is about empiricism.
NEU It's just that so far, nothing at a basic, repeatable level, has demonstrated anything other than matter and forces are at work.
NEG Arguments for design always start at the top (complex systems), which misses the point completely.
NEG Any sensible understanding should begin at the bottom (simple repeated experiments), and Behe does not demonstrate that a non-materialist explanation is necessary.
NEG Until he, or anyone else, can do so, it is a waste of time to argue about intelligent design.
NEG This book alleges scandalous, hideous misdeeds on the part of distinguished scientists such as Napoleon Chagnon and James Neel. But all of the book's main accusations have been thoroughly refuted, and the only genuine scandal here is the way the author, Patrick Tierney, has fabricated and distorted reality in order to sell some books.
NEG The anthropological reputation of Chagnon remains intact, unlike those of anthropologists who have endorsed this dishonest, tabloid-calibre book.
NEG The book's egregious distortions and errors were first discovered in the manuscript, and I was expecting them to be corrected in the final version, but nope, they all appear to be there.
NEG How deeply disturbing that a book such as this could be published by a respectable publisher, endorsed by anthropologists, and even be nominated for a National Book Award. If Tierney was just honestly presenting evidence of wrongdoing, that would be fine.
NEU Never mind that it would trash the reputations of the developers of the measles vaccine (Enders, Katz), the world's most important pioneering geneticist (Neel), and the world's greatest scientific anthropologist (Chagnon), and cause their friends and families to suffer.
NEU Such evidence would deserve an audience nonetheless.
NEU But this is not what Tierney does.
NEG He distorts his printed sources, omits evidence in these sources that refutes his accusations, and invents material that isn't actually there (there are currently many web sites which document this dishonesty in a point-by-point manner, although Amazon asks that reviewers not include URLs in their reviews).
NEG And that's just the sources that CAN be fact-checked - who knows the extent to which he misrepresents his uncheckable sources on which his accusations depend (mission records, interviews, audio tapes, etc.). In fact, several of Tierney's interviewees have already come forward and said that Tierney does not quote them faithfully.
POS On the positive side, Tierney's got a smooth narrative style, and the book might make a nice novel.
NEG What a hoot!
NEG Quaint, presumptuous, full of fluff, and non-stop kookery.
NEG Magnetism is personal power and the author's treatise on how to attain it is total bunk peppered with pseudo-science.
NEG There's even a chapter about developing a 'magnetic eye!'
NEU The author whose real name was Albert Edgerly and who on occasion called himself Dr. Ralston, developed quite a loyal following during his day (1852-1926) among whom was William Danforth, the president of Purina, who even added Ralston to his company's name!
NEG I believe that Lily Burana had good intentions in writing this book but I as the reader sure didn't get it.
NEU Her life in the dancing industry began at Peeplands in NYC which she reverts back to many times in the story about being ashamed of the types of things she did but never reveals the full story.
NEG Her true intention of her mission is to achieve closure before starting her new life, marrying her love Randy. Her story is too long and drawn out.
NEG Many details and explanations are left out.
NEG Mostly shallow ideas about meaning of life.
NEU Love is offered as meaning of life, so is creating.
NEG But fall short and aren't justified by argument or stories.
NEU The dying professor is drawn as quirky and wise yet down to earth.
NEU He is not wise, despite the fact that he is facing death.
NEG He says things everyone else says who is dying, and what we all know to be true about death and living well.
NEG He also says plenty of wrong stuff.
NEG He is is no quirkier or more matter-of-fact than half the people I know.
NEG No story.
NEG Narrator is impossible to sympathize with; he chased money and worldly success and is now reconsidering.
NEG Well, duh, that summarizes just about every bad story ever told.
NEU We all know not to do that.
NEU Or to do it and accept it.
NEG He has aparently been in Vietnam which is great, but being a soldier doesn't make you a poet.
NEU I only hope that the recent programs to help the auto industry can help him keep his day job at Chrysler.
NEU Maybe his next book will improve.
NEU Best wishes
POS As an avid Koontz fan (that sounds nasty, doesn't it) I enjoyed 'Demon Seed.' I haven't read all his stuff and almost passed this one up because, um, 'Demon Seed'?!?
NEU But I was out of books and the library was closed, the book store was closed and the grocery store was open.
NEU What would you do?
POS It has all of the Koontz humor and quirky dialog.
NEU I'm passing this one on to my daughter and looking for the movie version tomorrow.
NEU Favorite line: Discipline can be highly arousing to the one who administers it and to the one who receives.
NEU I read this truth in a book by a famous authority on male-female relationships.
NEU The Marquis de Sade.
NEU So what is this book about?
NEU It can all be summed up from a scene occurring in one of my favorite South Park episodes: Mexican 1: Si, we read it.
NEU Kyle: What was it about, in case our teacher asks us?
NEU Mexican 1: He starts, there's this old man and his job is to catch the fish.
NEU So he get in the boat to try and catch the fish.
NEU Mexican 2: So he catch the fish but the fish is very strong, so the old man can not reel in the fish.
NEU Mexican 3: So then he fight the fish some more and he finally catch the fish.
NEU Kyle: He catches the fish so he can make money.
NEU Mexican 1: No, because on the way home the sharks come and eat the fish and so...
NEU [pause, the Mexicans all take off their hats in honor of the sad, brave struggle] he no make money . Stan: So thats the story?
NEU Mexican 1: Si. And basically thats it.
NEU Sure it was Hemingway's last major work.
NEG But really...
NEG I mean really...
NEG it's exactly as South Park so poignantly described it.
NEG I mean the title alone is so apropos.
POS Recommended, if only because its a very short read.
NEU So I have only ever read the first Harry Potter book but never continued with the rest of the series since I didn't find the first book all that well written.
NEU However after really enjoying myself with the latest Harry Potter film and going to see the movie with two female fans in their 30's who swear by the books I thought I'd give Rowling another shot and read the 6th book in the series.
POS I must admit, my initial hesitation was unwarranted.
POS Rowling's come a long way, her writing is quite eloquent now.
POS Rowling weaves a fascinating story that I can see why countless children and teens live by and love the Harry Potter series, making it their generational mantra.
NEG However as an adult, I don't get why so many adults like this series.
NEG The main problem I have with Potter in the books is that he doesn't really have much say over his life, re-active rather than pro-active.
NEU The key to a great hero in my opinion is that right or wrong, they make their own decisions and must live with the outcome of their own choosing.
NEG Potter in the movies is that type of hero, choosing to stand by, honoring the words of his teacher, however Potter in the books is trapped and can't move so instead of choosing he just accepts, he's left with all the choices taken away from him.
NEU Young Adult fiction has really changed.
NEU It's amazing to think that Chronicles of Narnia, Lord of the Rings and The Golden Compass are young adult books especially when compared to the modern crop.
NEU They dealt with religion, the concepts of reincarnation, soul identifying, and rebirth.
NEU Tastes have changed and that's understandable, we live in a different generation now that doesn't necessarily want something underneath the surface of the words on the page.
NEU I grew up as a huge Steve Englehart fan, reading many of the comics he wrote from Captain America to Detective Comics. So when I heard that his 1981 novel Point Man was finally seeing print again, I jumped at the chance to buy it.
POS While many of his comic work feels dated at times, this early Urban Fantasy (because what else can I call it?)
POS still feels fresh, amazingly so when I think what an early take on the Urban Fantasy genre this is.
NEG I never really felt connected to the main character, and I found myself 150 pages in on the verge of that ever prescient feeling for a reader (do I keep going or drop it), but since it's only about 300 pages long I figured why not keep going.
NEG It got better, but not enough to warrant wanting to read the sequel Long Man which just came out.
NEU Let me say this though, a sequel to a book which came out almost 20 years ago?
NEU 'The elders, with whom I was brought up, were of a character not likely to let slip the sacred observance of any old institution; and the ring out of the Old Year was kept by them with circumstances of peculiar ceremony.
NEU -In those days the sound of those midnight chimes, though it seemed to raise hilarity in all around me, never failed to bring a train of pensive imagery into my fancy.
NEU Yet I then scarce conceived what it meant, or thought of it as a reckoning that concerned me.
NEU Not childhood alone, but the young man till thirty, never feels practically that he is mortal.
NEU He knows it indeed, and, if need were, he could preach a homily on the fragility of life; but he brings it not home to himself, any more than in a hot June we can appropriate to our imagination the freezing days of December.
NEU but now, shall I confess a truth?
NEU -I feel these audits but too powerfully.
NEU I begin to count the probabilities of my duration, and to grudge at the expenditure of moments and shortest periods, like misers' farthings.
NEU In proportion as the years both lessen and shorten, I set more count upong their periods, and would fain lay my ineffectual finger upon the spoke of the great wheel.
NEU I am not content to pass away 'like a weaver's shuttle.'
NEU Those metaphors solace me not, nor sweeten the unpalatable draught of mortality.
NEU I care not to be carried with the tide, that smoothly bears human life to eternity; and reluct at the inevitable course of destiny.
NEU I am in love with this green earth; the face of town and country; the unspeakable rural solitudes, and the sweet security of streets.
NEU I would set up my tabernacle here.
NEU I am content to stand still at the age to which I am arrived; I, and my friends: to be no younger, no richer, no handsomer.
NEU I do not want to be weaned by age; or drop, like mellow fruit, as as they say, in to the grave.
NEU -Any alteration, on this earth of mine, in diet or in lodging, puzzles and discomposes me.
NEU My household gods plant a terrible fixed foot, and are not rooted up without blood.
NEU They do not willingly seek Lavinian shores.
NEU A new state of being staggers me.'
NEU I give five stars to books I cannot put down.
NEU I tend to accept the characters as they are, I don't want to question their faults and vices because that's how the author made them.
POS I wish everyone could read what they say about the feedlot fattening operations - I think many would be inspired to seek out free range meat.
POS Likewise with the heirloom vegetables.
NEG The superior attitude and preachy tone works against their message, though.
NEG Why be so snarky towards such easy targets as the vegan starlet?
NEG Also, it seems more than a little condescending to say that certain Hindus weren't really vegetarian because of the insect parts contaminating their flour.
NEG I don't understand why they seem so determined to diminish the value of vegetarianism - it would have been better to emphasize that this is another good way to reduce the negative impact on the earth.
NEU Trying to persuade people to change their habits is difficult, and it requires a sense of humor, and respect for the people you are trying to reach.
NEG It's too bad, but I think most of the people that are going to be persuaded by this book were probably almost there already.
POS But it's remarkable how well Mill's thoughts about the mechanics of the economy, and how they affect the fabric of society, have aged.
NEU It is most instructive to read the book in parallel with a competing, much more enthusiastically hyped text, also published in 1848: Karl Marx's 'Communist Manifesto'.
POS Mill's 'Principles' are required reading for everyone seriously interested in the history of economic thought.
NEG But I have to agree with the earlier reviewer: don't read it in this edition!
NEG It's not just the footnotes, some of which were reprinted, some of which weren't.
NEG The trouble is that 'Book 1: Production', is missing completely.
NEG That's a fifth of the whole text!
NEG If you like it, by all means buy a paper edition -- but not this one!
POS Hop and Pop by Dr. Seuss is an interesting book.
POS It has a lot of rhyming words and some good humor in the story.
POS I think that he has more rhyming words than the rhyming dictionary.He also draw great pictures that really describe the scene in the book.
POS It also very exciting to kids 3-6 years old.
POS I read the book and like it very much.
POS I wonder how he thought of all that rhymes.
NEU I bought the book mainly because I wanted to know which one of the wannabe hardcore rappers were gay.
NEG I was EXTREMELY disappointed when he didn't name any of them.
NEU I heard that he gave descriptions of them so it will be easy for you to guess, but some of them were a little hard to me.
NEU I figured out Shemar Moore, LL Cool J, and other New York rappers.
NEU Did anybody figure out who is gay?
NEU If you did then who?
POS First let me tell you I try to read a chapter every day.
POS It has found a home in my purse.
POS My husband also loved this book.
NEU He is a network engineer and helps out my business every day.
NEU He didn't know anything about retail until we married six years ago.
NEU One Saturday I tossed the book on the bed when rushing to work and he started to read it.
POS I got it back a couple days later with post-it note hanging out on all sides!
POS Notes he had written included, 'You do this now but I suggest . . . I think we do this but the employees need a refresher course . . . Great idea, can you do this . . . etc. We have discussed when our children are out of school, perhaps there is spot in the business for my husband--gotta keep the regular pay check.
POS After reading The Profitable Retailer, and listening to his ideas, he might just be ready to tackle retail world.
POS We know why this book was honored with the 2005 Los Angeles Times Book Award for science/technical writing.
POS Wohlforth cheerfully tackles the deep fog of climate science (even some of the career scientists he interviews seem hopelessly befuddled by the complexity of it).
POS But he approaches it both as a journalist who makes his living by storytelling, and as a father used to gently encouraging his four bright, curious children to understand their world.
POS He can distill a century of mind-numbing bench science into a metaphor that his 10-year old can understand and that readers of all ages will appreciate.
POS To get the story he drops into whaling expeditions and arctic research explorations with equal aplomb by chipping in and becoming one of the team.
POS (The comparison is not unlike the cinematographers who capture on film the drama of a Mt. Everest ascent: the only way to get the picture is to strap on the gear and make the climb themselves, right alongside the adventurers they're filming.)
POS Getting and telling the story is what Wohlforth knows how to do.
POS In his book, he captivates us by telling us what his 'characters' know how to do.
NEU From the fox who knows how to skitter across a thin sheet of newly-forming ice without falling through, to the native who knows how to take compass readings by studying the shadows on snow drifts, to our generation's academic elites who know how to wrap their minds around the infinitely complex equations that underlie the mysteries of climate change.
NEU In the end, it's really not so mysterious: the signs of climate change are obvious and all around us.
POS Read this book and prepare to be moved and enlightened, just as you will be charmed by the people whose lives, livelihoods, and ways of knowing are as diverse as the environment itself.
POS Economic Revolution - A Spiritual Solution by J. Kendall Anderson, M.Ed. [...] With the economy in the tank and President Obama working harder than a Jamaican cook, this book is just what the recession ordered.
POS The book tells one how to 'get paid' in a spiritual way.
NEU The book proclaims that the Economic Revolution is the third phase of freedom after the Civil Rights Revolution.
NEU Economic Revolution is the methodology in which we go from where we are now (economic turmoil) to where we are financially independent in God's world.
POS It's amazing that a book written a little more than two decades ago can still be relevant and current.
POS Perhaps even more current given the current economic crisis.
NEU Some may see it as flip flopping while others may see it as a testament to the author's growth that he begins the book with an attitude that some may perceive to be that of an angry black man.
NEU He ends the book in what some might perceive as a kinder gentler African-American Republican, who believes that the American dream is possible for anyone who is willing to pick themselves up by their boot straps.
NEG Some may find that concept hard to buy, especially if they don't even own a pair of boots.
POS Still it's clear that the author loves his 'people,' and all races of people, as he gives solid advice to young, black men as to selling drugs--he tells them that the job of a low rate drug dealer pays nothing more than minimum wage.
NEU He tells them why it's important for all people to learn a trade and become engaged in politics.
POS This slim book is an interesting quick read.
NEU Hopefully in the future the author will considering updating and fattening up the book--to expand on his ideas.
NEU Kevin Vanhoozer is the editor of this book which is a compilation of essays about each book of the Old Testament (OT).
NEU Each essay is written by a different person who sticks somewhat to a similar pattern.
NEU Every author tries to give you a historical look at the interpretation of the book and why it belongs in the canon of Scripture.
POS While I read the book from cover-to-cover, it would work best as a resource for anyone studying the OT. Kevin Vanhoozer sets the tone of the book early by writing a masterful introduction.
NEU His goal in compiling the book is not so one can simply become an intellectual giant, but so that one can learn more about God. In his view, which I strongly agree with, one must invest time learning about God (the practice of theology) in order to have a good relationship with Him. However, one must not think knowledge is where our relationship with God ends.
POS Strong points * Each chapter follows a similar format which helps the reader know what to expect.
POS While each author may adapt his style a little differently, the content layout remains the same.
POS * Each chapter looks to see how we can relate the OT books to the New Testament, specifically to Jesus. * The book is highly readable.
NEU Each author writes in a manner I could describe as pastoral.
POS The goal was to teach the reader, not impress them or bore them.
POS * The book is well researched.
POS Most authors examine all angles of interpretation through the ages and give a decent bibliography at the end of each chapter.
NEG Weak points * The book assumed you knew either a) other authors and references, or b) what different theories (such as JPED) were.
NEG * The book could stand another 100 pages or so.
NEG I felt some chapters could have been expanded to include more information.
NEG * I wish there would have been more talk of the archaeological records.
NEU I know, this point is a nitpick.
NEG * I wanted to see a chapter written by Kevin Vanhoozer.
POS My conclusion is, this is a great book and would benefit any library.
POS This is not one of those books you would simply read once and pass on.
POS You could return to it for information over and over again.
POS I think it should be read by any serious Bible student as well as any casual Bible reader.
POS I give it 4 out of 5 stars.
POS Good work.
NEU -Don-
NEU The X and Y of Buy is a book about gender marketing.
NEU Author Elizabeth Pace uses the scientific differences between men and women to help sales associates and entrepreneurs learn the best practices for dealing with different genders.
NEU the premise is; if you can market properly to men and women, you will be able to increase sales and expand your business.
POS I really enjoyed this book.
POS Pace gives us many tips and access to research to help us deal cross-gender.
NEU She tells us things like men are more driven and strait forward when it comes to sales.
NEU They do not want interruptions and need to get right to the point.
NEU Women, on the other hand, want more connection and community when it comes to business relationships.
NEU Women will deal with (or add to) the conversations and interruptions if it means a group can come to a consensus.
NEG The only place I found this book lacking was in the 'spiritual content' department.
NEU Thomas Nelson is a Christian publisher and prides itself on having a spiritual message.
NEU If they did not, I would not be picking at this point.
POS Overall, it was a good book.
POS I enjoyed reading sections aloud to my wife and more than once getting that 'ah-ha!'
POS moment as I found something that related both to business practices, and my personal relationships.
POS I give this book 4 out of five stars.
NEU -Don-
POS The book is short in duration, easy to read, direct in nature, often with an aggitated voice and written as if a sermon or speech.
POS Regardless the era, the subject matter is relevant (Corporate crime).
NEU Other subjects may be more evident in our day than when first written, such as the manipulation of government officials by corporations for profits as with the US coalition and NATO armed forces current day practice of hiring private soldiers and service contractors as an integral part of their main fighting forces.
NEU This book is not anti-war, but anti-corruption and anti-interventionalist (anti-imperialism) and bemoans the abuse, destruction of so many good men/women (soldiers) both physically and mentally and the burden on society as a whole for the grossly disproportionate financial profits of a very few (olygarcy) whom by their very same actions should be considered quite unpatriotic.
NEU The book details the oppinion of a career military officer, a politically appointed general.
POS The soldier is a Marine which ads credibility from a leadership tradition know for its 'fighting spirit'.
POS Although oppinion, the basis of his oppinions are based in factual information and with anticipated counter aurguements addressed in advanced.
NEU True dialog is missing.
NEG The weakness of some aurguments, such as limited resources may have contributed to corporate financial gains are eliminated by comparing profits on historical trends prior to the conflicts.
NEU The author often argues using emoutional language and metaphor.
NEU The naming of corporate sponsor of war as murderers is avoided but could be a concievable conclusion.
NEU Although critical of the illegal gains and abuses in which the author was paticipatory, this work is in no way an apology, nor a repentance for a full military career served.
POS Credibility of the author is based in the duration of his career and notariaty.
POS The marine Brigadier General is the US militaries most honor soldier, having recieved 2 Medals of Honor and 1 Brevet Medal (No longer issued, akin to the Medal of Honor).
POS Regardless, the author proposes several solid ideas to remove the economic incentives out of war and create policies which deny officials the coercive practices and threatening posturing of military forces against other foriegn governments for other than national defense (which said practices are used for economic coercion).
NEU The author insists bulling, coercion and imposition of other soveriegn nations (Imperialism) for corporate interests is immoral, conter-productive to national progress and contradictory to American values, especially when the uncoerced outcomes would result in the same benefits without the high costs of war (men, material, prestige).
NEU These high costs are the profits which feed the corporate war profiteering (aka racketeering).
POS This book is useful for younger audiences.
POS This book is a good example of how courageous personal action (whistle blowing) can overcome a broader trend towards pervasive and powerful corruption and may inspire what is popularly called 'civil disobedience' for righteous causes.
NEU This book may be used to compare examples of civil rights abuses faced during 'McCarthism', the Civil Rights movement and the 'Patriot Act'.
POS I recomend this book among others such as 'Collateral Damage' by Chris Hodges to all those who are inspired by patriotic propaganda to join the armed uniformed services.
NEG The graphic images from 'The Horror of It' seem tame by today's standards.
POS The authors observations will give credence to the gutt reaction of many towards war: that their is much lacking in it's purpose, morality and worthiness with hopes that its text will motivate us as a people to raise the bar of restraint and accountability of our elected officals as it relates to war and war profiteering.
POS For many it will confirm that 'War is a Racket' (The author explains exactly what he means by this statment) and I percieve that a vast majority would agree with the author on his definition.
NEU For those who are locked in patriotic vigor for a military action based on a percieved 'just cause', this testimony may add insight to a larger view of the possible reasons for why a nation would consider lingering in an unwanted, economically depleating and physically exhausting war considered long overdue to end.
NEG The titles subtext of 'Anti-war classic' is a bit misleading.
NEU The author was a career soldier who was politically appointed to general and excecuted his work so throughly well that he was decorated with high honors on multiple occasions and was an advocated for an impenetrable national defense.
NEU A better subtext for this work may be 'Taking the Profit Out of War' or 'Raising the Standard for Going to War' for the basic principles of the general was to reveal the manipulation of foreign governments by means of force, utilizing the full and combined powers of the United States armed forces and economic base in support of the gross avarice, greed and collusion of private corporate designs; both sides being aided and assisted by the economically and sensationalistically competative media propaganda machines.
NEU After reading this short book, I am reminded that it is often flattery and not fact that decieves us from the truth for which oppinion is truth enough for faith to act.
NEU I am remined of those with whom I live, from my own generation, who would cover their lies without accounting and how many of these sorts have risen to political power.
NEU I am reminded that the power of an individuals vote STILL provides the ultimate means of power ... that we are provide the means to our own ends and that our progress still remains within our hands, the means by which to thwart abuses of power and coruption and for setting higher standards living and accountability.
NEU This book supports my belief that it is vital to have a strong national defense in such a dangerous world, but that power does not need to equate to coercion, manipulation or abuse of others.
NEU I was inspired by the idea of the practical application of taking the incentives out of what should be called murder for profit or at least racketeering.
NEU Unless one can remember a bullies punch to the stomach in exchange for lunch money, Americans are fortunate to be free from feelings such imposed injustices.
NEU I am impressed even more that justice, liberty, freedom and democracy cannot function without a free, independant and vibrant media and that without such journalism to report the relevant and current facts to the people 'en mass', democracy cannot endure, let alone thrive.
NEU I am reminded that corporations are not patriotic and that profits do not express the true progress of a people and nation.
NEU I am impressed and amazed at how many of the most sinister of terms found in our vocabulary (racketeering, facism, coercion, murder) have lost our fear and concern.
POS I am upon writting this rewiew, impressed by how much such simple and short text has inspired me to think and how effective so few words can be at presenting such profound and compelling ideas for peace and prosperity.
NEU It reminds me that if someone needs to try so hard to convince you about somethin', that there must be somethin' wrong with it in the first place: the truth just seems to ring true.
NEU Propoganda is for sugar coatin' what is unadvisable.
NEU Encouragement is the only thing needed to motivate a good person to a just cause ... to do something difficult.
POS I would say this book encourages.
POS This book is recommendable to all if not quit a 'must read' and worthy of referencing current political, business and military discussions.
NEU For Peace, For Democracy From a Fellow Soldier
NEU It's been four years since I read the book...
NEU and four years since I've had serious chronic back pain.
NEU My worst days now are like my best days used to be.
NEU I'm the biggest cynic on the planet, and had been shown xrays and MRIs showing why my back caused me pain.
NEU Chiropractors, Orthopedists, and others tried to help and never did.
POS Then I read this book, gave its simple plan a try and realized less than two weeks later that my back pain was gone.
NEU Weird but true.
POS Try it, give it a shot, and for a few bucks you may find that you've got your back back!
POS Prospective novelists and fiction writers, the King of Pop Fiction has spoken!
POS This book should be right on your shelf next to Strunk and White, another writing manual that King references often in the pages of On Writing.
POS King speaks authoritatively on his subject - as well he should, with volume after volume of best-selling fiction to his credit.
NEU And his advice is simplicity itself: Read a lot.
NEU Write a lot.
NEU Avoid superfluous adverbs.
NEU Avoid passive construction.
POS The beginning of the book is a fascinating, funny look at how King's own career took flight.
POS He speaks candidly about his youth, his addictions, and his career, giving much credit to wife Tabitha for her contributions to both his writing and his sanity.
POS King saves the most harrowing prose for the book's closing chapter, where he describes in detail the accident that almost took his life, and the role his writing has played in his recovery.
POS Like, love or loathe his fiction, you'll find a wealth of solid advice in this little book.
POS Would-be writers: avoid at your peril.
POS A gem. Buy it.
POS Read it.
POS Then read it again.
POS What are you waiting for?
NEU While writing a screenplay for his memoir, Blue Like Jazz, Donald Miller realized that his 'story' wasn't all that he wanted it to be.
NEU Even more, his life wasn't everything that God intended.
NEU So, Miller set out to live a life that mattered--to write a meaningful narrative.
POS With the perfect blend of honesty, humor, and humble wisdom, A Million Miles inspires readers to create a new story--a better story.
NEU To be a character who makes a difference and glorifies the Author. Last night, Andy and I heard Donald Miller speak about this book, when his A Million Miles tour came to Hollywood.
POS He and Susan Isaacs did a great job.
POS If the tour visits your city, don't miss it.
NEU Communication in marriage is a challenge.
POS I am grateful, then, for Dr. Emerson Eggerichs' book, The Language of Love and Respect: Cracking the Communication Code with Your Mate (Thomas Nelson).
NEU In it, Dr. Eggerichs expands the principles in his best-seller Love and Respect, and offers practical steps for couples.
POS My husband and I have read several marriage books over the years...some good, some bad, and one so terrible that Andy actually threw it across the bedroom into the trashcan...but Love and Respect is our favorite, by far.
POS It just makes sense.
POS Biblical sense.
NEU Dr. Eggerichs bases his communication solution on Ephesians 5:33: 'Each one of you also must love his wife as he loves himself, and the wife must respect her husband.'
NEU A woman's greatest need is unconditional love, while a man's is unconditional respect.
NEU 'Yes, the two of you are very different,' Eggerichs writes, from God's perspective, 'and I am telling you to love and respect unconditionally anyway.'
NEU Good communication in marriage isn't easy.
NEU It takes work, and grace, and power from beyond ourselves.
POS But the biblical, practical advice in The Language of Love and Respect helps us speak one another's language, and grow a God-honoring marriage.
POS Another great book from a great author.
POS 'Leviathan' weaves fact and fiction together to make a great story.
NEU The plot takes place in Europe during the beginnings of World War I. Alec (the son of the murdered Archduke of Austria) is on the run from his father's assassins.
NEU Daryn is a young girl posing as a boy in Britains armed forces.
NEU Together they bring opposing sides together to escape from a common enemy.
NEU Alec is a 'clanker'; someone who uses metal machinery.
NEU Daryn is a 'Darwinist'; a group that creates amazing animals to use as machines and transportation.
POS I was sorry to have the story come to an end and can't wait until the sequel comes out.
NEG This one is actually the worst and the most sensless movie I have ever gone to a theater for.
NEU I checked the ratings and it seemed decent.
NEU But I was in a for a bog surprise...
NEG I was extremely disappointed.
POS The idea of a 'comic book' movie is implemented well I must say.
NEG But the story line is incredibly hollow..You keep wondering when will things start making sense...
NEG or will they ever ?? I really don't know what to say...
NEG This mpvie is the pits..
NEG If you thought PULSE was bad, OOOH just you wait!
NEG They made a sequel!
NEG If you did happen to see these both, you may at least recognize some of the actors in the first one, however this movie only was supplied with some of the worst.
NEG If acting was a draw- back, then understanding what they where talking about was another story.
NEG It also used the pleasantly Awful blue screen, where the backdrop...
NEG well looked as fake as it was....
NEG While it was vivid and layered with parts atop of another, the actors looked washed-out and out of proportion.
NEG Even though I didn't LIKE the first movie, this one just sets another bar!
NEG To add, the plot is TERRIBLE, and questionable.
NEG And what's up with the father calling his daughter 'squirt'?
NEG It was obnoxious and corny, and given the circumstances I wouldn't appreciate it...
NEG And the naked girl....
NEG obviously just wanted that thrown in there to widen their target market, and make us laugh even harder they added a fat man jumping off a bridge.
NEG Seriously, don't waste your money or your time on this movie like I unfortunately did.
NEG The idea to use the Tooth Fairy as a slasher sounded like a good idea at first.
NEG Until I saw the movie!
POS There are only two scenes that I enjoyed in this entire film.
NEU The first fifteen minutes, and the final ten minutes.
NEG Everything in between is a bunch of garbage.
NEU The saying goes (in this movie), whenever a child looses his last baby-tooth, the evil Tooth-Fairy will come for you (or something to that effect).
NEG But there are only two individuals that this Tooth Fairy is after.
NEG I mean, are they the only two people in the world who has lost their last baby-tooth?
NEG People lose their last Baby-Tooth every day, but it is never explained in this movie why this Tooth-Fairy hasn't paid deadly visits to others throughout the world.
NEU For some reason she is obsessed with only these two.
NEG The little kid, who this Tooth-Fairy is after at the beginning, is just as boring as the little kid whom he tries to help after becoming an adult.
NEG Personally, I don't think they should make horror films that are rated either PG or PG-13. What sort of audience are they trying to appeal to when they green-light a slasher with zero gore?
NEU I've seen more blood from a paper-cut than in PG horrors.
NEU PG only works for horror films that have high-profile stars and Oscar dreams.
NEG Clearly the only goal of this PG horror was to attract children and depart them from their lunch-money by turning a childhood memory into a monster.
NEG It only sounded like a good idea, but the finished product gave me a tooth-ache.
NEU You don't expect the same from Television as you would from a major theatrical release.
NEU You just don't rate them on the same level.
NEU You don't rate a childs finger-painting alongside great masterpieces....you rate it alongside the finger-paintings of other children.
NEU I rate television movies (which I rarely watch) differently than I would a major motion picture.
NEG But I hate it since I had to pay 8 bucks for something that should have been a SCI-FI, USA or an ABC movie of the week.
NEG As a theatrical movie, I rated this film a 2/10 because it was lacking in everything except acting and atmosphere.
NEG A good idea done completely wrong and not worth the cash I had to pay to see it.
POS A good idea done right by television standards, and well worth watching for free.
POS Darkness Falls felt like a Tales From The Crypt or an RL Stein's: Goosebumps episode.
POS And if you rate it along those lines, then it would have been good, and very much talked about.
NEG I gave this film a 2/10. A point for the only two good scenes in this film.
NEU The beginning and the end.
NEG But those two scenes are not worth the quarter that the Tooth Fairy leaves beneath your child's pillow.
NEG This movie was the worst movie I have ever seen, and anyone that has read the books will agree with me!
NEU If you have seen the movie I suggest you don't read the book because you will be so confused on what is happening.
NEG This movie skipped 3 whole city's and many, many main characters that were important to the story line.
NEG They also skipped many important events like Eragon's back getting slashed open by Durza and him hearing the cripple that is whole in his head.
NEG He was also then supposed to go to Elesmera to finish his training with the elves.
NEG Also, did you hear of anyone called Orik or Hothgar in the movie?
NEG No? Didn't think so!
NEU Hothgar was the dwarf king and Orik was Eragons best friend in the book.
NEG Oh, and remember the cool ugly smoke monster that Durza was riding (and let me point out that Durza never used magic when fighting Eragon in the book or he would have died for sure) Oh yeah, back to the smoke monster, it was never in the book!
NEU Durza was fighting Eragon under the star sapphire (that they also didn't mention) and then Ayra broke it with magic because she was helping Saphira with her broken armor and THAT'S when Saphira first used fire.
NEU Eragon then used Zar'roc (who's gem should have been a ruby not a sapphire because Morzans dragon was red) to kill Durza. Then there is the Razac!
NEU There were only two in the book!
NEU The reason Brom should have died is because they were chasing the Razac because Eragon wanted revenge on them killing Garrow (his uncle).
NEU He also never learned sword fighting from Ro'ran and the movie never showed him fighting with Brom. Also, would it have killed them to put in Katrina, Ro'rans girlfriend that gets kidnapped in Eldest by the (((2))) Razac!!!
NEU Then they never went to Tierm were he really met Angela (the fortune teller) and The Werecat Solumbun who tells him important information that they need to use in the third book.
NEU They also never met Jeod in Tierm who they need to help them find the Razac that they were chasing not running away from them.
NEG What a waste of celluloid but wait!!
NEU Hollywood, when are we, the movie goers, going to quench our thirsts from these many, many lousy movies that we have to endure.
NEU Crap comes to mind when I think of this years list of disappointments.
NEG Eddie Murphy's latest and now this...'Hannibal meets Homer Simpson'.
NEG Actually I hate to demean Homer. Well, lets hope there's someone out there that can bring Hollywood out of this quagmire of dull, over killed, underachieved and discombobulated pile of, what did I call it?
NEU Oh! Yes, Crap. In our area several new theaters have been built to the tune of thousands of dollars.
NEU No make that millions.
NEU The academy awards are going to be hurting if things don't change soon.
NEU Homer will get best actor, Miss Piggy ..best actress, and best picture will be ......are you ready?
NEG Friday The 13th Part 29! Ditto to johnny 1504 by the way.
NEU Let's hope this is a better year.
NEG Ruining a classic should be against the law.
NEG Fox...shame on you.
NEU I've waited anxiously for years for the right studio, director, and cast to creatively set out and make a better 'TDTESS.' What with the immense ability to do FX's and CGI it could have been a great undertaking that, thru talented artists, a masterpiece could have developed.
NEG Not even close.
NEG Fox...you dropped the ball I'm sad to say.
NEU Perhaps it is true what many Sci-Fi fans insist.
NEG Great remakes are few and rare.
NEG After today's waste of time & money I have to agree.
NEG Now let's talk about the flaws.
NEG Keanu was so one dimensional that it became boring.
NEG What ever you were paid it was undeserved.
NEG The fact that the viewer is dragged thru a lame and less interesting plot from the original sets this movie on a train wreck collision.
NEG Why the alien has arrived and why the earth is in peril is a slap in the face compared to the classic motive set forth in the original.
NEG Most painful is the cartoonish way the military is portrayed in this film.
NEG It is very much like the way the 51' movie portrayed them.
NEG Gort (the ominous almost limitless of powers guardian of the world) fell far short of taking this film to heights that it could have achieved.
NEG Finally, the ending smacks of confusion and disappointment never accomplishing anything of merit.
POS There was some degree of praise to Jennifer Connelly.
NEG Wil Smith's son just gets a C+ and only because he finally delivered on the closing scenes.
NEG What I've learned now is...Don't get your hopes up.
NEG It just ain't worth it.
NEU By the way.
NEU Ron Howard would have delivered on the goods had he been given the chance to remake this classic.
NEU Even Speilburg would have shown the way.
NEG After the heated opening and things settle down from all the hoop-la even sane Star Wars addicts will admit that the acting & dialog were painful to endure.
POS Too bad, 'cause the visual fireworks were great.
NEG Lucas? If your listening....Go back and watch your own original #4. There the characters were fun and their interaction was great.
NEU We bonded with each and every one.
NEU Carrie Fisher, Harrison Ford, Mark Hammel, and most of all Sir Alec Guiness made the magic happen.
NEU I guess it's the IL' story of seeing the forest for the trees.
NEU All in all it still was a wild ride with all the FX and computer wizardry.
NEU Gee if only we saw what could have been.
NEG Nichole was the only saving grace to this (simply put) FLOP!!
NEU Is Hollywood going to the dogs or has it already happened?
NEU I'm a regular movie goer and the river's running dry.
NEU Seems that those running the show @ that land of movie making just don't see the forest for the trees.
NEG I doubt if they see just how bad an actor Will Ferrell and how over the top his shenanigans become 'overkill'.
NEG I feel bad that there seems to be any comparison to the classic Jerry Lewis but some tread in that territory.
NEU Don't get me wrong.
NEU Don't misunderstand me.
NEU How sad..because there are three theaters within 13 miles that could be playing it but are not.
NEU Warner Bros. keep doing this and good & faithful patrons will quit giving you their business.
NEU We deserve better than this.
NEU Theater operators say its the distributors fault and if that is true then I say boycott and just simply wait till these few good movies are out in video.
NEU We in the outlying areas seem to be treated as of lesser importance and are burdened with excessive trips just to see a select movie.
NEU Recently some stars even raised their ire over distributors failings as to getting a few select films out to the public.
NEU Come on Hollywood!
NEU Get your heads out of your film canisters and fulfill the moviegoers wants and needs.
NEU Why not?
NEG Story is everything with the help of clever dialog but none was to be found in this tragedy for lovers.
NEU It is hard not to compare this with it's more than worthy opponent, 'Love Actually'.
NEG Where you relate and bond with Love Actually you tend to scratch your head wondering what the heck is going on.
NEG Twists that just don't click.
NEG I was in the midst of wondering why I was watching this 3rd rate film when I could have been watching 'Dear John' instead.
NEG Not every film is a '10' but Lord please spare me the 1 thru 3's.
NEG I'm to old to waste time.
NEU Clock's a tickin.
POS I liked this film.
NEU Can people explain the Balian & Sibylla story.
NEG DVD should have been much better as well.
NEG No deleted scenes & I had trouble accessing some items.
NEG I enjoy extras on DVD, this is so lacking.
NEU BUT, OF COURSE, setting up for a directer's cut DVD in the future.
NEU But, after the box office the film did, who would pay out more money for ANOTHER DVD OF THE SAME TITLE?
NEU As a fan of the game in all of it's forms and sizes I had great expectations for 'Dungeons and Dragons'.
NEG I personally would like to blame it on the editing, at the beginning in particular I found myself unable to blink without missing a scene.
NEG They were extremely short and some were even useless...
NEG The director sets the entire plot of the movie on about 10 minutes, the rest is just there to fill in the other 97 minutes.
NEU For example, there's a scene where Marina and Ridley get trapped into a map...
NEG I left the movie theatre wodering what the hell happened when they were in there?
NEU But that's left for Courtney Solomon to know and for the audience to wonder...
NEU So to make it short...
NEG there are a LOT of plot holes.
NEU What went wrong, you two?
NEG As for Jeremy Irons... I don't really want to go there.
NEG I'm very fond of his previous work and I really think that he couldn't have played a worse Profion even if he had tried.
NEG Then there's Thora Birch... who I would like to nominate as this years Jar Jar Blinks... it's difficult to think this is the same person from 'American Beauty' The character development is another big mess!
NEG Take for example Marina and Ridley. They exchange two or three lines and a few significant looks and then BANG!
NEG they are sharing the most passionate love story you can ever imagine.
NEG Plus Ridley (who's name is all the information we get from him) is suddenly very unaware of how 'gifted' he is, and is choosen out of the blue to save the universe.
NEU Okay, I have been terrible to D&D so far...
POS but the moive has it's high points, the CGI is great and the Dragon fights were amazing.
POS The entire Mage counsel building is majestic, and the cotumes and make up are great as well.
POS The maze scene will take you back in time to your old days of playing 'Dungeons and Dragons'...
POS it's really great.
NEU I went into this film with extremely low expectations giving that the original My Bloody Valentine is pretty much a mediocre film at best.
NEU Why do you think there weren't ever any sequels?
NEU So now, nearly 30 years later, we are given a remake/sequel.
NEU It just makes me wary.
NEU I have, however, been impressed with a few ('few' being the operative term) horror films of late, and decided to give it a go.
NEU Now, the 'WTF is going on here' summary line isn't about the movie specifically, but the admission price.
NEU I live in Houston, Texas where the average evening-time ticket price is about $8 (and I can usually catch matinées for less than $4), but was sucker-punched with an $11.50 price for the ticket.
NEU Mind you, this was at a 4:30pm matinée!
NEU I understand the cost being higher to compensate for the 3D glasses, but they ask you to turn the glasses back in when you leave (under the guise of 'thinking green', no less).
NEU Did I turn my glasses in?
NEU Hell no. For the most expensive matinée I've ever been to, I'm keeping a souvenir.
NEU If people in New York or Los Angeles or wherever else are stupid enough or resigned-to-the-fact-that's-what-prices-are enough to pay that much for a movie ticket, more power to them, but down here, that's pretty much highway robbery.
NEU Add to that, the general rudeness of people in the theater: (an example) two obnoxious girls sitting next to my friends and me (yes, that's correct, it's not 'my friends and I') spent the entire movie text-messaging their friends.
NEU No kidding.
NEU Every minute and a half, there was a bright glare on the inside of my 3D glasses.
NEU Not the fault of the filmmakers or the theater, it just diminishes the experience.
NEU A note to rude people: TURN OFF YOUR F'N PHONES OR STAY THE HELL OUT OF THE THEATER.
NEU THERE ARE MORE PEOPLE IN THIS WORLD BESIDES YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS.
NEU YOU ARE NOT MORE IMPORTANT THAN EVERYONE ELSE, NOR IS WHAT YOU HAVE TO TALK ABOUT WITH PEOPLE SO IMPORTANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO RUIN THE Movie-going EXPERIENCE FOR EVERYONE ELSE. A note to the two girls sitting in the back row at the 4:30 matinée of My Bloody Valentine 3D at the AMC 30 on I-45 and Beltway 8 in Houston on Saturday, January 17th 2009: YOU HAVE NO IDEA HOW LUCKY YOU WERE THAT I WAS THERE. MY FRIEND IS A RECOVERING SKIN-HEAD WHO STILL HAS SOME OF HIS MORE OFF-THE-WALL TRAITS. YOU ALMOST LOST YOUR PHONE. NO KIDDING.
NEU IT'S JUST RUDE. Not that you care or anything.
NEU If you did, you wouldn't have been using them anyway.
NEU On to the movie...
NEU is is guy-a or guy-b?'
NEU It's just difficult to rate a movie with high stars if you have to pay three times as much to see it as you did for a better movie the week before.
NEG Thomas Allen is a singer I greatly admire - however on this night he just doesn't seem vocally up to the challenge, his aria `Fin ch'han dal vino' Is taken so fast by Muti that he is breathless and seems unable to cope, by the end of the opera he is evidently flagging.
POS Of the women Edita Gruberova, as you would expect, gives the overall polished performance, her pure voice ringing out like a bell with never a hint of a screech.
POS The set itself is of highly polished architectural splendour and so in keeping with the period of the opera as indeed are the costumes, not exaggerated or over sumptuous and all the better for that.
NEG When the actors are speaking I would like to see their faces, so I can understand the dialogue.
NEG The camera was so often in the background I felt like I was eavesdropping on the conversations instead of in on the conversations.
NEU I feel thrillers draw me in more when I feel as if I am part of the plot.
NEG Much of Rachel Wiess' scenes were shot from so far away it was hard to get into her character.
NEG Then, on the other hand, the longest close-ups, of Ralph Fiennes' face, lingered so long and so pointlessly.
NEU OK, enough of the bad direction.
NEU This is required watching for most of us.
NEU Like other series we are bound to see the conclusion before we get it 'spoiled' by reviews and idiot-friends and so on.
NEU So I went one not-so-sunny noon and watched it with a friend.
NEG I knew right from the start that this was going to be over the top and not that interesting really.
NEG Since I'm studying philosophy at the university I've found it quite interesting to laugh out load at the symbolism in The Matrix series.
NEG The names are the worst part of these films, 'The Logos', 'The Hammer', 'Smith', 'Morpheus', 'Trinity' and so on.
NEG These are just icons symbolising that Andy and Larry has opened the Great Encyclopedia of Philosophy and Religion and just cramed it all together.
NEG Complete disaster, no intelligens anywhere.
NEG Lines like 'It's Latin, it means 'Know thy self'', screams of un-intelligens, it was of course not Latin but ancient greek since the temple that said it was located in Delphi which is in Greece and not Italy. And no onward to the films.
NEU The first Matrix was an 'OKAY' flick re-defining what most of us considered action-films.
NEU What do these wacky brothers thing of next is a trilogy, 'Hey, why don't do like everybody else?
NEU We can make BIG BIG money!'
NEU So they go ahead and re-thing and re-load.
NEU We end up with 'Reloaded' and 'Revolutions'.
NEU These films has from the beginning been about pushing toward a limit.
NEU The first one did so very well, and then we discovered that THAT wasn't really the limit so along came Reloaded and pushed us full till the point of throwing it back up with fights, gunplay, swords, computer-animated clones, a CGI-masterpiece.
NEU But we tired, and that was what the directors knew we were going to, so along come Revolutions and stripes it down to include only action-scenes as a nod to the first film, we go back to the source.
NEG And that's what this film is about, nodding to the first film since it now seems a life-time away that these brothers can do something even resembling interesting.
NEG We have the black cat, lousy score, the Trinity kick, the oracles home (with her in it), cookies, and so on.
NEU It is all about the first film.
POS However the only smart thing was the BDSM-club, a sense of self-awareness, with all the leather and plastic and black, and oh so fetishly dressed actors.
NEU This was irony.
NEU But not really, since we can expect a sequel in 3 years.
NEU And we still ask ourselves, when will people stop seeing these films?
NEG They are of course crap, is this what we pay for?
NEG Crap! We will of course see the next film in the series.
NEG When will this stop, when can they put more out of that production-value into the films, it says here in the Trivia-section they spent 2 months working on a raindrop, why couldn't they spend that time re-working the script I ask?
NEG This is just a complete disaster from top to bottom.
NEU I've always been a fan of the Final Fantasy series.
NEU Final Fantasy III (VI in Japan) and VII have been two of the greatest video games I have ever beaten, and the first PSone incarnation still holds the benchmark to how all console RPGs are judged even today.
NEU Fans have been clamoring for a sequel ever since it's release, and just last year their prayers were answered in film form, but does Advent Children capture the epic nature of the game?
NEG Unfortunately, the answer is a definitive no. A bland script coupled with a less than engaging plot overshadows its CG and musical flare.
NEU Since my opinion of the film mirrors what many users have already mentioned I will keep this review shorter and to the point, listing the pros first followed by the cons.
POS First off the CG (as I expected) is gorgeous to say the least.
POS If you're a fan of the game you'll be happy to know that the movie recreates it's futuristic world to a tee.
POS The beautiful church with the flower pile will give you some nostalgia if you're a fan of the series, as with the infamous although brief 'bathing of Aeris' scene (Aerith if you live in Japan).
POS The characters themselves are immaculately detailed and are representative of their in game counterparts, and the free flowing clothing and hair on each of them will make you say 'wow' at least once.
POS The effects in the action segments are noteworthy as well, featuring vibrant colors and creative lighting.
NEU Classical music is what is played throughout most of the movie, but some hard rock tracks are featured as well.
POS Being a big fan of Nobuo Uematsu, I was overall pleased with his work in this movie.
NEG Sadly though, the negative aspects of AV are too glaring to ignore.
NEG The choreography in these scenes doesn't lend itself well to physics either, where barriers such as gravity and an individual's physical strength are breakable at the character's convenience.
NEG While I know this is the nature of any magical world, it's overdone to the point of distracting the viewer.
NEG But these aren't the worst complaints I have with AV. Plot wise, AV struggles to develop anything that could resemble an engaging masterpiece.
NEG To sum it up without revealing any details, there is no real character development.
NEG The story centers around Cloud, Tifa, Rude, Reno, and Kadaj for the majority of the film, but they only act to leverage each other to push a one dimensional story along.
NEG Adding insult to injury, staple characters of the game such as Barret and antagonist Sephiroth are given little screen time.
NEG What really makes me hard pressed to call this a great movie though is the uninspired dialogue that spans across each character.
NEG Actors struggle to find the right emotions scene after scene and confused me more than once, while the script is filled with a lot of nonsensical 'going no where' hubbub.
NEU External reviews often completely trash this movie without finding anything positive.
POS Well get this chemical makeup: Stunning and popular star Lara Flynn Boyle overtly titillating us and wearing skimpy outfits even including a bikini(!), Timothy Hutton, habitual scene stealer Oliver Platt during younger and thinner days, superstar Faye Dunaway, and Steven Webber from the TV show 'Wings.' How's that for voltage?
POS Add in a proven plotline with a long pedigree (Hand that rocks the cradle, Single White Female, many more), some great whacky dialog, and top it off with the inspired idea of a corporate thriller set in a cookie company with the climax in an industrial kitchen, and yeah...I'll bank that.
POS How could you possibly lose?
POS Actually I really like this movie, even just watching it straight.
NEU And it does.
POS So with that in mind, you could look at it as one of the 'so bad it's good' genre, and it does succeed on that level.
NEG I agree with others that the ending seems as tho it was written on the spot when someone lost the rest of the script.
POS It actually has a lot of good stuff in it.
POS For example: One of my favorite literary devices is the 'buddy thing,' which is an entertainment staple: Laurel and Hardy, Skipper and Gilligan, Kip and friend in Bosom Buddies, Balky and Larry in 'Perfect Strangers,' etc. This movie features that, but in four directions: Hutton and his boss, Hutton and his buddy (Webber), Hutton and his rival (Platt), Hutton and Boyle. Lots of fun there.
POS The highlight for me is some of the whacky dialog, which I'm still quoting years later.
NEU For example: 'You're BLOWIN' it man.'
NEU 'YOU'VE GOT THIS PROBLEM.'
POS And one of the greatest lines ever: 'Good gosh how hard can it be?
NEU I'm not asking you to splice DNA you just DO IT!'
POS Wonderful stuff.
POS Finally, it's no surprise that Hutton and Platt both turn in performances that are well worth watching.
POS This is one of the best superhero film ever beside spider man 2. I actually found this better than spider man because it was more realistic and didn't look as animated.
POS But I thought the acting of Ioan Gruffudd was the best for his portrayal of Mr.Fantastic (Reed Richards).
NEG Jessica alba wasn't all that great though.
POS She still looked hot though.
NEG The stupidest quote in this movie was by Sue storm when Von doom says: Let's not fight.
NEU Sue Storm: No!
POS Oh well I still loved this movie!
POS 9/10. Ps Go see this great movie!
NEU The title refers to the reel of gay and homoerotic scenes from Hudson's studio films that he compiled for showing to his friends at parties.
NEU There are no candid home movie clips (no shots of Rock by the pool, Rock and Tab Hunter playing croquet, or of anyone dressed in women's clothes).
NEG If you can surmount that disappointment, it should be noted that the studio clips are mostly of extremely poor quality (as if photographed from a tv screen).
NEG On top of that, the film has an amateurish quality (a not-very-similar-looking actor plays Rock speaking from the world beyond, sometimes with his image inserted into the frame with the real Rock Hudson).
NEU I'm sure for some viewers these qualities will give the film a sort of underground cult classic feeling and add to its appeal.
NEG I found such effects distracting and annoying.
NEG On top of this, there are no interesting new revelations about Hudson (or about a Hollywood lavender underworld).
NEG All stones were left unturned.
POS BLADE RUNNER (DIRECTOR'S CUT) (1982) **** Harrison Ford, Rutger Hauer, Sean Young, Edward James Olmos, Brion James, William Sanderson, Daryl Hannah, Joanna Cassidy, M. Emmett Walsh, Joe Turkel. Visually atmospheric histrionics set the bleak setting of futuristic hell in Los Angeles of the dour 'blade runner' Deckard bounty hunting renegade replicants led by psychopathic android Roy Batty (appropriately named and Hauer's best performance of his career) out to terminate his maker.
POS Iconoclastic blend of sci-fi and film noir with dazzling set design.
NEU Based on Philip K. Dick's cult genre novel 'Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep'.
NEU This edition dismisses the droning narration (incidentally Ford did this on purpose when the studio forced director Ridley Scott to include it for clarity in protest but ironically appropriate for his Philip Marlowesque character) and restore its original ending.
POS Visionary film-making at its best.
POS My favorite lines: James as Leon to Ford's Deckard in a compromising position: 'Wake up.
NEU Time to die.'
NEU And Hauer's bemused Batty to a fleeing Deckard 'Where're you going?'
POS during the climactic climb atop The Bradbury Building, as well as his improvised 'like tears in rain' speech which always gets me.
POS THE LOST CITY (2006) *** Andy Garcia, Ines Sastre, Tomas Milian, Enrique Murciano, Bill Murray, Dustin Hoffman, Millie Perkins, Nestor Carbonell, Steven Bauer, Richard Bradford, Dominik Garcia-Lorido, Julio Oscar Mechosa, Juan Fernandez, Elizabeth Pena, William Marquez, Tony Plana, (Dir: Garcia) Andy Garcia's Bittersweet Valentine To Cuba Andy Garcia has always been a favorite of mine to watch on screen, with his fiery, impassionate no-holds-barred, cool-as-a-cucumber performances with both excessive and implosive turns and his passion is now on full display in his directorial debut, a valentine to his beloved homeland Cuba. Garcia stars as Fico Fellove, a nightclub owner and musician in Havana, circa 1958, on the cusp of the Cuban revolution and a drastic turn of historical events that will forever change his heart and soul.
NEU The ones that possess and fight for both of these are namely his loving family led by the patriarchal Federico (Milian), a good man of professorial status at the university and his caring wife Dona Cecilia (Perkins), who still insist their family meet for Sunday dinners promptly at six o'clock with no excuses.
NEU Those providing the turmoil are his brothers Luis and Ricardo (Carbonell and Murciano respectively) who consistently are chomping at the bit with their disputes about the impending revolution and the desire to remain a patriot despite the odds of Communism infiltrating the masses.
NEU Fico remains the peacekeeper and will not tolerate any disrespect towards his decent-hearted father but the dam will only hold for so long as the siblings go their separate ways.
NEU When Luis is killed in an attempted coup-de-tat assassination on loathed Presidente Batista (Fernandez) Fico can only see the writing on the wall when he allows his heart to open to Luis' widow, the beautiful Aurora (Sastre); the two fall in love and marry.
NEU Shortly thereafter things get worse when Ricardo has fled to the deep jungles of the covert military ops of Fidel Castro after he was arrested and beaten by the corrupt chief of police, the vile hand crop bearing Colonel Candela (Mechosa) who has slain Luis. Fico knows this but is powerless to do anything, which makes the tragedy unfolding even more devastating for him to burden himself with.
POS Garcia does an admirable job in capturing the flavor of the late 1950s look of the imbroglio-to-be with an elegant production design created by Waldemar Kalinowski and gorgeous cinematography by Emmanuel Kadosh that does justice to his ideal yet struggling nation under fire.
POS His entrance alone is worth the price of admission in a seersucker suit (trousers altered to shorts for the humid climes) and a panama hat.
POS BATMAN BEGINS (2005) **** Christian Bale, Liam Neeson, Katie Holmes, Michael Caine, Cillian Murphy, Gary Oldman, Morgan Freeman, Tom Wilkinson, Rutger Hauer, Ken Watanabe, Mark Boone Junior, Linus Roache. Excellent prequel 'origin' of The Dark Knight that adds fresh blood to a weakened franchise thanks largely to the unlikely POW!
POS BAM! combo of indie filmmaker Christopher Nolan and Bale (with an intense, brooding yet vulnerable turn and a fine jaw for the infamous cowl to boot!)
POS as billionaire heir Bruce Wayne hellbent for vengeance for the murder of his parents which leads him on a journey of redemption from the brutal Asian prison camp after taking a nowhere-to-go downward spiral attempt at crime where he encounters the mysterious Henri Ducard (a suitable Neeson) and the ninja-training from guru of vigilantism Ra's Al Ghul (an imposing Watanabe) laying the foundation to his inner turmoil exploited into an iconic hero to thwart the evil in Gotham. Watching all the jigsaw puzzle pieces interlock from the beginnings of Wayne's brainy conceit of the Batsuit to the Humvian Batmobile are giddy joys for the inner fanboy of every squandered youth.
POS A sound cast of international bravado (Caine as Alfred, the butler, Wayne's manservant/father figure, adds a dash of subtle observations and common sense; Freeman as Wayne Enterprises' best kept secret displaying the varying degrees of know-how and Bat-phenalia; Oldman as a young (soon-to-be Commissioner) Jim Gordon – apparently the only honest cop on the force has a few nice subtle moments of awe and cunning; silky Murphy as Dr. Jonathan Crane AKA The Scarecrow; Wilkinson as ganglord Carmine Falcone affecting a New Yorkese dialect tuff guy demeanor; Hauer as a reptilian board chairman of Wayne's empire with oily ease); sterling production design by Nathan Crowley envisioning Gotham City as 'New York on steroids', the dank cinematography by Wally Pfister, and reimagining of the stealthy costumed Caped Crusader by designer Lindy Hemming combine for a robust display of ingenuity.
POS The wraithlike incarnation of the man into batsuit avenger is a thing of Gothic beauty (echoing the Tim Burton and Frank Miller conceit) expertly designed by screenwriter David S. Goyer (the 'Blade' trilogy to name just three successful comic book to screen adaptations) with Nolan flexes the mind, muscle and sardonic humor quintessential to a truly American original hero.
POS Arguably the best of the Batman films and highly entertaining; what more can you ask for when you see a flying Batman soar over the glassy plains of Gotham!
POS ** see this on the IMAX and all I can say is : wow!
POS Five words: a 90 foot Katie Holmes; how can you go wrong!!
NEU GAME 6 (2006) *** Michael Keaton, Robert Downey, Jr., Bebe Neuwirth, Griffin Dunne, Catherine O'Hara, Harris Yulin, Tom Aldredge, Ari Graynor, Roger Rees, Shalom Harlow, Lillias White. (Dir: Michael Hoffman) 'There's no crying in baseball!
POS : Keaton shines in his love of the game turn Michael Keaton is one of my favorite (and largely underrated) actors.
POS He hasn't been making a lot of films in the past few years but whenever he pops up you immediately are focused on his kinetic energy, the arched eyebrows not unlike Nicholson's (side note: I always thought it was divine intervention when they were cast in BATMAN since they had so many mirror image physical ties!)
POS and glib, self-deprecating wit that acts as a shield from his inner demons his characters often try to keep at bay.
POS His latest is no exception.
NEU Based on a story by acclaimed author Don DeLillo (who adapted the screenplay), Keaton stars as a New York bred playwright who's latest work is to dawn on the fated October 1986 evening of the World Series where his beloved Boston Red Sox' lifetime curse gets re-enforced by the infamous ball-between first baseman Bill Buckner's legs.
NEU But I'm getting ahead of myself.
POS Nicky Rogan (Keaton) is facing many cross-roads: his new play is about to premiere on Broadway but Rogan's dilemma is whether to avoid the possible public crucifixion by the notorious critic Steven Schwimmer (Downey in a wonderfully daffy turn) whose perchance for theatricality (he attends his works in masquerade since he has been virtually vilified by all who know him) sharpening his fangs to sink into his baby or watch the drama unfolding of his aforementioned team in the defining moment of baseball.
POS Along the way he is avoiding his family, namely his wife Lillian (the equally gifted O'Hara) who is requesting a divorce and their teenage daughter Laurel (a great Graynor) whose dabbling into the punk era underscores her dad's rebellious nature in namely a heated affair with Joanna Bourne (a nubile Neuwirth) who is also giving Nicky an ultimatum.
POS To make matters worse he runs into an old colleague, Elliot Litvak (an unkempt and funny Dunne) who is downward spiraling fast after a devastating debacle in the form of his last attempt at a play that was skewered by the hated Schwimmer to the point Litvak can quote chapter and verse of the bilious critique that has him fixated to the extent of dementia.
POS Filmmaker Hoffman does a yeoman-like job in getting fine quality performances from his gifted ensemble and in his star, Keaton gets a few juicy yet low-key turns as well balancing the tension that is leading to a possible fall-out.
POS Smartly shot on location in Manhattan the city acts as a character as it normally does providing just enough backdrop to its proceedings at hand.
POS DeLillo has a fine gift for his literations and the parallel of Nicky's play - a quasi-autobiography about his relationship with his working class dad - with Nicky's family life shows a man, flawed, yet genuinely wanting to make things work.
POS The same can be said of this little gem of a film.
POS THE TV SET (2007) *** David Duchovny, Sigourney Weaver, Ioan Gruffudd, Judy Greer, Fran Kranz, Lindsay Sloane, Justine Bateman, Lucy Davis, Willie Garson, MC Gainey, Philip Baker Hall, Andrea Martin. Tart Satire of TV; Duchovny Gives Great Deadpan Jake Kasdan's latest satire, 'THE TV SET', is a pitch perfect , dead-on depiction of the myopic vision of American television which has become a vast wasteland of so-called 'reality' shows and mean-spirited game shows when in essence, the true pillars of its foundation, the scripted format is on the wane.
NEU Never before has a sharp-edged black comedy been needed to poke at the underbelly of the medium than now.
POS To wit: veteran scribe Mike Klein (Duchovny giving deadly dead-pan, is a study in noble rot) is desperately trying to get his current project 'The Wexler Chronicles', a dramedy based in part of his real-life brother's suicide's affect on him, past the pilot stage for the fictitious Panda Network (think CW lite) and the biggest hurdle is vacuous, yet tenaciously 'my way or the highway' Lenny (Weaver, a dry riot), a harpy in a suit, who is not Mike's biggest fan but has her current junior exec Richard McAllister (Gruffudd in a modulated turn of a decent guy in a deceptive business), a Brit late of the BBC, whose come to LA for the network to give a fresh perspective on the new crop of shows for the seasonal line-up.
NEU He too is hedging his bets but mostly due to his domestic dilemma of not being there for his family while juggling the powers that be with the promising sitcom-to-be.
POS Kasdan layers everything with a touch of stinging wit, caustic dialogue, and unbelievable accuracy of how some people truly are so incredibly dense to the matters of the creative process it's a true wonder how the hell they got so far (let alone dressed themselves in the morning and made the effort at a daily life!)
NEU Duchovny's Mike Klein, behind a thatch of itchy/scratchy beard as a mask of indifference to what is thrown at him knowing ultimately he will have to acquiesce at basically every power play and sign his soul away to get his baby on the air; truly soul-crushing to watch one's lifetime dream become a living nightmare.
NEU CLASH OF THE TITANS (2010) **1/2 Sam Worthington, Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes, Jason Flemyng, Gemma Arterton, Alexa Daalos, Tine Stapelfeldt, Mads Mikklesen, Izabella Miko, Polly Walker, Pete Postlethwaite, Elizabeth McGovern, Danny Huston, Natalia Vodianova.
NEU Remake of the '80s cheesefest sword & sorcery sci-fi fantasy extravaganza this time with Worthington(callow and all furrowed brow a la Crowe; including a buzz-cut!)
NEU as Perseus the half-human/half-god offspring of mighty Zeus (Neeson looking like a roadie for AC/DC) whose sibling rivalry with bro Hades (Fiennes resembling the contents of your sink's hair-trap) whose had it with the mortals and decides they need to pay more heed.
NEU Three words: 'Release The Krakken!'
NEU – indeed!
NEG While director Louis Leterrier attempts to give the old-school flick a 21st century CGI kick in the pants (and odes to Ray Harryhausen's original creatures featured particularly the gi-normous scorpion battle royale) the script by Travis Beacham, Phil Hay & Matt Manredi is stilted to the wooden proceedings at hand.
NEG Also: don't be fooled; even though this was re-processed for a 3-D release there is practically no 3-D effects at all!
POS FACTOTUM (2006) ***1/2 Matt Dillon, Lili Taylor, Marisa Tomei, Fisher Stevens, Didier Flamand, Karen Young, Adrienne Shelly. (Dir: Brent Hamer) Dynamite Dillon excels in Bukowski adaptation Matt Dillon, believe it or not, is one of the more versatile American actors around since his hey-day cocksure anti-heroes of the '80s ('Rumble Fish', 'The Outsiders') who can do it all, comedy ('There's Something About Mary') and drama ('Crash' which earned him a Best Supporting Actor nomination last year) and he continues his journeyman vocation with a humdinger performance running the gamut of human emotions.
NEU In this big-screen adaptation of the acclaimed writer Charles Bukowski's rough-and- tumble works of self-emulation Dillon stars as Henry Chinaski, the loosely based on the author's persona, a drifting writer on the skids who takes the occasional odd-job (the title refers to a man who does many tasks) to compensate his lifestyle of heavy drinking, chain- smoking and general carousing.
NEU He can barely sustain a moment's interest at the menial labor he is offered often resulting in his immediate firing usually while imbibing at a local watering hole, indifferent to the dismay and anger of his employer.
NEU Chinaski is a free-spirit whose laconic demeanor is only sublimated by his desire to be a well-respected writer who continuously sends his unsolicited works to literary periodicals with the usual rejection notice (or worse, no reply what-so-ever) as he aimlessly pursues his next haunt.
POS Along for the ride in one jaunt is Jan (Taylor nicely balancing the destitute of Chinaski with her own unique blend of shabbiness), a loose woman Henry falls for and wind up sharing space and libations until the money runs out.
NEU The two make for a winning pair of losers, each oblivious to their falling apart and frequent dismissals of the other when in fact they are one and the same: soul mates.
POS Newcomer Hamer allows his actors plenty of room in the seemingly improvisatory sequences of dry humor sprinkled out (he co-adapted with Jim Stark, one of the film's producers) and absurd twists to a scene (Dillon's laid-back narration sparks many of the underscored moments of hilarity at hand – ie explaining Jan's shoddy car's lack of functioning headlights only to work when the equally malfunctioning springs to the car in affect bounce them on!)
POS A good combination of a skilled director with some interesting compositions and his actors having fun in the process (Tomei is a loopy lush in a glorified cameo and Stevens as a degenerate gambler befriended by Dillon).
POS Kudos to the grimy yet clear-eyed cinematography by John Christian Rosenlund, Eve Cauley's earth tone sepias production design and the right-on-the-money period costume design by Tere Duncan giving it a timeless late '50s – early '60s vibe.
POS But again it is Dillon who gives an Oscar worthy turn as the charming, irritable and barely awake Chinaski that deserves recognition proving there is more to meet the eye in the once –thought-of-one-trick-pony that Dillon was initially perceived for his heavy Brooklyn accent and blank brooding good looks; he does his best work since changing that tune with 'Drugstore Cowboy' and hope he continues his trek of good fortune unlike Henry Chinaski.
NEU PSYCHO (1960) **** Anthony Perkins, Janet Leigh, Vera Miles, John Gavin, Martin Balsam, John McIntire, Simon Oakland.
POS The perfectly edited shower scene (the blade never pierces the flesh!)
POS by Geroge Tomasini, Bernard Herrmann's screeching violins score and the all-together ookie finale are American classics in every sense of the word.
NEU Best line: 'Mother isn't , what's the term?
NEU Herself today'.
NEU KEANE (2005) **** Damian Lewis, Amy Ryan, Abigail Breslin.
NEU (Dir: Lodge Kerrigan) William Keane (played with heartbreaking brilliance by Lewis an Academy Award worthy turn) is a man wrestling with ultimate grief: he is searching for his lost little girl months after the incident that has sent him into a downward spiral into mental illness.
NEU Keane patrols the hustling bustling Port Authority Bus Terminal of New York City where he was with his daughter when he took his eyes off her for a brief moment only to lose her possibly forever.
POS Months have passed and apparently Keane has been plagued by his absolute guilt in allowing her to be taken from him that it has affected (or possibly triggered) a panicky, inner voice that speaks to him (or more accurately has him speaking aloud to himself either calming his fear or invoking more paranoia) as he wanders seemingly aimless in the unforgiving way station (a perfect metaphor for his situation), replete with a tattered news clipping about his missing daughter that he waves to unsuspecting passersby and pedestrians alike milling about their daily chores of going back and forth to work or another destination.
NEU He is met with disdain, indifference or plainly ignored.
NEU Keane is in hell.
NEU Living on a disability check and residing in a New Jersey flophouse Keane manages to daily sojourn back and forth hoping for a glimmer of recognition (is that her purple coat in the distance?)
NEU that he lathers himself into a feverish foam of hope (or worse fearful pessimism) and finds himself getting a cheap drunk on in a bar trying in vein to listen to 'Sugar Pie Honey Bunch (Can't Help Myself)' on the tinny jukebox to either assure him or drown out his inner rage (unnervingly maddening); having anonymous sex with a stranger in a throbbing club's restroom; scoring cocaine to amp up his courage to go on; staggering the street howling his daughter's name and sadly returning to his empty room to sleep a dreamless, troubled sleep soothing himself between wracks of sobs of pity and horror.
POS One day Keane sees a single mother and child (Ryan and Breslin, both excellent) arguing with the desk clerk over money and he ingratiates himself by offering her a hundred dollars to get her by (earlier he is shown in a near similar sequence) and Lynn and Kira invite him over the next night for a takeout dinner.
NEU Lynn informs Keane that she and her adorable daughter are en route to Albany but are awaiting her husband's word that he has located a new suitable home for the family.
NEU Keane recognizes in himself what he used to be – a father to a young girl – and becomes a defacto member of this temporary family when Lynn asks him to watch over Kira and the results are heartbreaking.
POS Filmmaker Lodge Kerrigan has created a truly amazing, deeply felt emotional roller coaster exploring the inner corridors of mental health, family values and the human condition that he touched base on a similar theme in his stunning debut in 1994 with 'CLEAN, SHAVEN' featuring a schizophrenic (character actor Peter Greene, best known as the racist/rapist doomed Zed in 'PULP FICTION') attempting to keep his demons at bay in his search for a daughter he never met.
POS Kerrigan films his troubled protagonist at a too-close-for comfort distance in which the hand-held camera gives the theme and film a scary immediacy ; you want to root for Keane but not get that close to the turmoil broiling inside.
POS The real miracle is Lewis who in a perfect world would be a natural bet for a Best Actor nod (and win) but this independent film is small in scale (and distribution so far despite it being executive produced by acclaimed filmmaker Steven Soderbergh).
POS Lewis, who shined in HBO's mini-series 'BAND OF BROTHERS' and was the best thing in 'DREAMCATCHER', a British actor who uncannily channels an American accent every time, is an underrated thespian who truly gives a stunning, shocking and ultimately sympathetic performance.
POS Sure he has all the staples of a 'crazy' role: talking to himself, sudden outbursts of near-violent rage, crying himself to sleep etc. but he never allows this to overtake the fact that William was a human being and that this tragic turn of events has him in a stranglehold only fueled by his desire to be free of this ongoing (and possibly self-afflicted) curse.
POS We are never 100% certain if in fact he had a daughter but I'd hedge my bets that Kerrigan is too sharp to fool his audience into false beliefs (I recognized one gut-wrenching clue when William mentions to a ticket clerk he lost his daughter on September 11th) particularly Lewis' gentle interplay with the natural born Breslin, a very excellent young actress who also shines in her sad, shy Kira, a child who is suffering as well inside and eventually blossoms into happiness and can see that there is more than meets the eye with William (who's final act has all the suspense of a melodramatic thriller in what the audience fears his truth to become).
POS The words 'I love you' have never resonated so much overwhelming emotion that if you are not in tears then you my friend are not human.
POS Never before in my 22 years of film reviewing have I had the experience of having a fellow audience member turn to me as the first end credits began to ask me 'What do you think happens to him?'
POS proves to be the mark of a first-rate filmmaker.
POS Emphatically one of the year's best films and one that you need to seek out for the performance of the year.
NEU KISS KISS, BANG BANG (2005) ***1/2 Robert Downey, Jr., Val Kilmer, Michelle Monaghan, Corbin Bernsen, Dash Mihok, Larry Miller, Rockmond Dunbar, Shannyn Sossamon, Angela Lindvall.
NEU Back in Black!
POS Shane Black is back in a big way.
NEU If you don't know who Shane Black is let his credits as a hot-shot screenwriter speak for themselves : 'Lethal Weapon', 'The Last Boy Scout', 'The Long Kiss Goodnight', 'Last Action Hero' (ok the last one may be the reason we haven't really heard much from him in over 7 years!)
NEU A gifted scribe of tough, snarky dialogued action flix usually produced with hyperbolic overkill by Joel Silver with huge box office boffo.
POS Well Black took a self-imposed sabbatical (ie he was considered a pariah and he had a near mental breakdown due to depression) and managed to get his s*%% together to make a fine comeback in this his directorial debut that delivers just what the smart-ass title suggests not so subtly.
POS Based loosely on a novel by Brett Halliday, 'Bodies Are Where You Find Them', the story focuses on small-time petty New York City criminal Harold 'Harry' Lockhart (Downey also making a fine comeback to comedy in a well-suited performance tailor made for his fast-talking, sharp minded spite) who winds up an unlikely actor wanna be when a Christmas-time burglary attempt has the pursued by cops Harry bolting unannounced into a late-night film audition where he finds himself overwrought with guilt of his partner's demise which adds hilarity to his 'motive' when he reads the script shoved into his hands which just happens to be a policier (!) and the casting agent Dabney Shaw(funnyman scene-stealer Miller) hires him on the spot.
POS Harry is next whisked to sunny LA by Shaw for meet-and-greets to create serious buzz and enlists the unexpected thief a lesson to be a detective with Shaw's for hire gumshoe 'Gay' Perry (Kilmer equally having a ball and a natural flair for tongue-in-cheek humor), a tougher than he appears homosexual who is reluctant to have the flaky Harry tag-along to get notes for his 'character'.
NEU But since he's on Shaw's permanent payroll he has no choice.
POS Enter equally unlikely meet-cute Harmony Faith Lane (the luscious Monahan, who makes a sexy funny performance cook to perfection) a childhood friend from Harry's past who shows up at a party that both Harry and Perry are attending for Shaw. Seems Lane has always pursued her dream to be an actress and ever since they were kids playing magician and assistant (guess who and guess who) she came to La-La-Land with little fanfare and a broken heart.
NEU Harry's unrequited love for Harmony is re-ignited and soon finds himself (and Perry) embroiled in a murder case when one of Perry's employer's daughters winds up killed.
NEU The odd couple begrudgingly decides to follow through on some seedy leads and soon wind up to their necks in dead bodies and hot water.
POS Black's sharp, skewered and outrageous humor percolates like a heady witches' brew of goofy insouciance effortlessly in the hardboiled tradition of Raymond Chandler which he spoofs with the wry narration Downey does throughout and upending the apple cart of the pulpy fiction noir genre with gleeful gusto.
POS The two leads are funny, fast-witted – like a modern day Hope & Crosby with cool to spare and do the best work they've both done in recent memory.
POS Downey makes an affective coward/jerk/good-hearted schnook while Kilmer coasts on his pretty boy charms with a nod to straight men like Bud Abbott and Dean Martin – street smarts and flair to spare.
POS Monaghan proves also to hold her own and has a deft comic timing too and being easy on the eyes sure as hell doesn't hurt.
POS Her obsession over a fictional pulp fiction private eye man of action 'Johnny Gossamer' is a running joke and shows just how much Black loves the thrill of the hunt in this go-for-broke popcorn flick with excessive pyrotechniques and obvious lifting from Tony Scott (kudos to cinematographer Michael Barrett and editor Jim Page for their splendid over-the-top skills).
POS Fast, fleet –footed and funny as hell the film runs on all cylinders damn the hard-to-follow loony plottings; who cares - check it out just for the hell of it!
NEU I live in an old house and with thick walls etc have had problems with the original Netgear router I bought.
NEU To overcome the intermittent bad signal except for the home unit that was hard wired in, I bought this item.
NEG 1. Dreadful to set up - the claim about wizard guide was of limited use after setting up the base unit, and I had to get a good friend to spend several hours doing for me.
NEG 2. The claims about 'up to 500% more wireless coverage' did not translate into a much improved signal for my remote computers - I only saw very marginal improvement on the prior Netgear router I was using!
NEG 3. The much publicised flashing lights in the top for six smart 'internal' antennas are if you are not going to place the router in a secluded area likely to become an irritant - walking into my darkened study it was at times like seeing a cheap sci-fi effect.
NEU In resolving my poor signal I in fact have had to finally invest in a set of Devolo HomePlug 200 AV Adapters - they thankfully have at last done the trick in my old house in delivering a strong signal home network!
POS On the first look, the bag is great.
POS Small, but roomy inside.
POS Very good deviders and great to set up the way you need for your specific camera and equipment.
POS The material is durable and the bag looks good.
NEG Now the bad part: The closures (plastic snappers) are of very cheap plastic.
NEG They broke after only a few times using it, just by normal open and closing.
NEG (Careful handled and not over loaded).The bag is unusable and worthless without them....
NEU A chain is as good as the weakest link...
NEG Another bad part is that this bag has no additional zipper to close the main compartment like most other bags do.
NEG This means that your equipment will get dusty even if the bag is closed.
NEG This bag would be great if they would just spend two dollars more for a better closure.
NEG As it is, I consider this bag as no good even for the beginning amateur.
NEG Pay a few dollars more and get a better bag.
NEG It's now April 2010 and for over 6 months now, [...] has yet to get this ish together.
NEG The site totally sucks.
NEG If you're looking to upload your runs and share with friends and all that greatness that Nike makes is seem to be, then don't waste your time.
NEG You're not able to search for your friends, sync your email contacts, you get errors when syncing in with facebook and twitter.
NEG It syncs fine from your ipod/iphone to itunes but once it gets sent to [...] is when you get screwed.
NEG I've been searching through all the threads and forums and they say they're working on it but over 6 months?
NEG For now, I would just skip buying this sensor and just download an app.
NEG Don't believe the hype, there is no friendly nike online running community.
NEG Seems like everyone is getting these issues.
NEG It is not the carrier's service, it is the phone.
NEG My T720 has broke down several times.
NEG It will just turn itself off and will not turn back on.
NEG I don't know from day to day if it will work or not.
NEG I'll never buy another moto
NEG purchased 12-17-04 for $32.46 at Comp USA in San Bruno Ca. and still cant get it to work properly.
NEU I have the cd installed, the icon on the desk top & my cell phone is recognized.
NEG The steps to reach the file transfer are too complex and non exhistent(sp?).I found no company ph number on any of the product literature, the web site or yellow pages.com.
NEG The web site says their goal is 100% customer satisfaction and thier tech support page actually suggests that you call them but does not list a phone number.
NEU Their web site even informs you that their office has moved to San Jose-from the santa clara office on their registration card?
NEG Their web site has a section for trouble shooting but this product is not on the list.
NEG I spent 3 days on and off trying to down load phone numbers from my motorola v600 cell phone to my laptop with the ambicom inc usb bluetooth adapter.
NEG No luck & no support.
NEU Anyone that knows a bluetooth usb adapter with a tech support phone number and a descent web page plaese let me know asap.
NEG I will return this one and gladly pay more to get rid of this crap.
NEU carl in san francisco sfnutboy@yahoo.com
NEU It allows whatever wireless encryption key you're using to be seen in plain text.
NEU Even a limited user account can see the key - anyone sitting at your computer can see it.
NEU Instead, install only the driver by browsing the CD to the driver folder.
NEU The instructions say to install the Belkin client, but you don't have to.
NEU Only the driver is necessary if used with the Windows client - and the key is masked, like it should be.
NEG grainy photos, slow jerky movement.
NEG But worse than that is the program NEVER completely uninstalled.
NEG Support has head up rectum - after informing them I uninstalled the program but the program never fully uninstalled, I was informed that I must have done something wrong.
NEG Suddenly its my fault that parts of the program remain.
NEG Also NOTE: Software that comes with camera includes BACKWEB - if you are unfamiliar with backweb - it is SPYWARE.
NEG Would NOT recommend this or any other logitech product now.
NEG My real rating is -5 stars.
POS Pros: this is a very attractive sportband.
POS It has slot of neat features such as the snap clip for the armband that will male it easy to loosen and tighten the armband on demand.
POS It also has the cable wrap for your headphone so it won't get into the way while exercising.
NEG Cons: the iPhone 3GS simply won't fit into the pouch.
NEG It is way too tight and appears to have not been designed correctly.
NEG For instance, there is a small whole where the earpiece of the phone is suppose to line up.
NEG But regardless of how hard I pushed the iPhone down it won't go any further leaving the top of the phone exposed and earpiece unalligned.
NEU Also, around hole where the iPhone goes in, there's a thin strip of what appears to be paper that's glued around the mouth is located.
NEG The paper broke the moment you stretch the hole slightly to insert the iPhone.
NEG Very poor quality and design.
NEG No wonder it is getting cheaper by the day.
NEG Highly not recommend it.
NEG This drive is embedded with Western Digital's SmartWare virtual CD that will ALWAYS and FOREVER boot to your Mac computer.
NEG This Virtual CD cannot be disabled, unmounted, removed, eradicated, or partitioned away - EVERY!!!!!
NEU It says so right on WD's website buried in the tech support area, not on the box where this kind of 'don't-buy-our-product' warning belongs.
NEG Western Digital has decided to embed their Virtual CD Smartware into this drive so that you cannot, under any circumstances, disable or remove the VCD. It will forever mount this unwanted intrusion to your Mac (Windows is no better apparently) and their website essentially tells you that you can do nothing about it.
NEG Can you tell that I am upset?!?
NEG I own seven other Western Digital hard drives and I will not own this one.
NEG Nor will I buy another in the future out of fear of getting the same results.
NEG If I were to buy more of these like I had planned, My desktop would be cluttered with a bunch of meaningless virtual CDs. This intrusion may not annoy Windows users as the Virtual CDs will just clutter up your 'My Computer' window; but, on a Mac this type of unalterable intrusion is beyond unacceptable.
NEU I cannot believe that Western Digital could not see the alienation of every Mac user on the planet from ten miles away on this one.
NEU Western Digital and other drive makers have, for a while now, put their software install packages onto the external hard drives that they sell; but, it has always been just stored on the drive where it can be deleted or is removed when the drive is reformatted - at worst it was on a separate partition that could be removed.
NEG But, not with this new version (version 3?) of the My Book Essential Drives where it is embedded into the drive's hardware and cannot be deactivated.
NEG Until Western Digital rethinks their strategy and changes this practice, their hard drives should be avoided and boycotted.
NEU (For more information, see all of the review on the 1TB version of this drive.)
NEU UPDATE: After returning the Essentials drive, I purchased two of Western Digital's Elements External 1TB Hard Drives; Exactly what I needed in the first place...
NEU an external hard drive that is built like a tank and is only what it is supposed to be: a hard drive.
NEU No 'fancy' value-added software embedded in the hardware to muck up the works on this drive.
NEU I highly recommend the Western Digital Elements external hard drives for all of your storage needs!
NEU This is my third Bluetooth device in as many years.
NEU I wanted this one because of the portable charger/case.
POS THAT feature is great!
POS Makes the headset easy to carry along with cellphone, without throwing it in my purse and accidentally having it turn on and call back the last number dialed.
POS Also it sits nicely on a countertop, making the set less easy to lose.
POS The headset itself easily turns on and off (which sounds like a simple function, but wasn't all that easy on my previous two Bluetooths).
NEG Two things I don't like....1)the headset isn't very comfortable for longer calls--my ear starts to hurt if it's in for more than a few minutes.
NEG 2)this could be a deal-breaker: In the middle of a conversation, even with the cellphone within a few feet of the headset, this Bluetooth sometimes disconnects itself, and the call has reverted back to the cellphone.
NEG It doesn't let you adjust the apperture settings, and it always tends to make terrible automatic lighting choices.
NEU Being a person who likes natural light better than a flash, I always turned it off.
NEG And, thus, I wound up with blurry or dark pictures.
NEG After hundreds of pictures and a week of giving it every chance to prove itself, I gave up.
NEU Back to Ritz it went.
NEG Even in relatively good lighting conditions, it chose horrifying exposure times like 1/6 of a second.
NEG ??? In room lighting it even chose 1 second exposures!
NEG It lets you adjust exposure + or -2, but the pics look terrible!
NEG I'm sorry, but somebody with a pocket camera is NOT going to be carrying around a tripod to make sure their pics aren't blurry.
NEG I can't use a camera that not only doesn't let me control something as simple as the apperture, but it makes bad choices about the lighting.
NEG Even in bright daylight, in the shadow of a pine tree, the jitter light was on because it was choosing horrible exposure times!
NEG BTW- the jitter light is on about 90% of the time with this camera.
NEU I guess you just have to live with it.
POS Now, even so, this is a good camera.
POS 1. The colors are natural and accurate.
POS 2. The pictures are amazingly clear.
POS 3. The auto-focus is next-to-perfect.
POS 4. The battery life is impressive.
POS I would take in excess of 100 (more even) shots without a recharge fully using the lcd screen.
POS 5. The screen size is a pleasure.
POS 6. It's fast!
POS Okay, my conclusion is this: this camera is a beautifully engineered piece of camera.
POS It's amazing.
NEG Unfortunately, it takes terrible pictures because of something that would have been so easy for Canon to fix.
NEG My pictures did NOT live up to ANY of my expectations.
NEU Thus, you're always cursing about how you'd prefer to apply your own pressure to the brake.
NEU I think most people decide to go with a DSLR because they've got a friend with one that takes fantastic pictures and they want to get that themselves.
NEU I knew going in that I would have to learn how to use it.
NEG I bought this camera on sale for $399 and hard a really hard time getting good pics out of the camera.
NEG I think out of hundreds of pics I took while I had it, I thought 3 were really good.
NEG I bought a telephoto lens to see if that would help but it didn't.
NEG The pictures had no color, were not sharp, and terrible DOF. I probably could have been able to eventually use it to its fullest potential but I want good photos now.
POS I've been using the Treo 700W for three months and I absolutely love the set of features it offers.
POS The wireless sync for email/calendar/contacts/notes with the desktop works perfectly.
POS The media player, wireless internet connection and camera are nice too.
POS I can create play lists in Windows Media Player on my desktop and when I connect the Treo using the USB cable my play lists are automatically synced to the storage card.
NEG I have two major complaints about this phone.
NEG First of all, it's like Windows 95 -- I have to 'reboot' it every day -- and I don't have any extra software installed other than what comes with the phone.
NEG People will frequently tell me they called and got voice mail but my phone did not ring -- when I try to turn on the phone it won't turn on.
NEG I have to remove the battery cover and use the stylus to push the reset button.
NEG If it's going to lock up that much, at least they should make the reset button more easily accessible.
NEG Second, my favorite feature, the voice commands, frequently just doesn't work.
POS When it does work it's incredible -- you push the button on the wired headset and say the right command and you can play music, call any one of your contacts, and I believe you can do other things I haven't tried yet.
NEG But 80% of the time you push the button and nothing happens.
NEG Very disappointing.
POS Bento is a smart, convenient database for the non-power user.
POS Within its limitations it's excellent, interacting automatically with other apps (like iCal and Address Book) on the Mac. It also simplifies database use in general for those of us intimidated by full FileMaker.
NEG Unfortunately, it lacks some capabilities a lot of ordinary Mac users will want - primarily the ability to sync data among multiple Macs. If you keep Bento on your desktop you can't readily sync its data to the same app on your laptop, or vice versa.
NEG Makes it tough for use in a mixed environment.
NEU Online discussions have highlighted this shortcoming, and we can hope the first revision will overcome this limitation.
NEG This product works ok, but potential buyers should be aware of these issues: 1. The auto-orientation feature does not seem to work at all, despite me checking that it is enabled and resaving the settings several times.
NEG All of my portrait photos were displayed on their side.
NEG The auto-fit option flattens standard photos quite a lot, while the other options leave space on either side of the photo.
NEU I would like to state that I returned the item.
NEU I'm not consuming much CPU nor VGA or RAM, so I have no idea why!
NEG it was loud and incomparable.
NEG Also, this accrued during normal usage (browsing, music) second, which was mostly the issue, the battery barely last 2 hours!
NEU which was under battery saving mood, and very low brightness display, bluetooth off,and wireless on.
NEU I hope this helps
NEU I purchased this clock radio because I thought it was atomic.
NEG I could not get it to set the time automatically.
NEG What bothered me most about all of this was that there was no customer service number that I could call.
POS On the plus side, there are buttons to program for radio stations and this is done like in the car.
POS and I think it is pretty.
POS The webcam works as advertised - with really crappy lighting, it still managed to show my face comfortably, and worked well with various messaging software.
NEG The bad - on my Windows XP machine, with not much software installed and generally well-maintained, the software failed to install the drivers properly.
NEG Twice. I called the tech support (paying long distance charges), and after 20 minutes of waiting, got through.
NEG It took twenty more minutes for the support rep to get all my information - 20, I kid you not.
NEG And after that, she did not even bother to try out anything on my computer.
NEU Her advice straightaway - try to install it in another machine, if it does not work, call us back so that we can authorize a replacement.
NEG How could you not even try do get it to work on my current machine after spending so much time to get all the information out of me, I asked?
NEU Sorry, that's the policy.
NEG And I have to call you back on long-distance, and then wait forever to the muzak and then hope that you might authorize a replacement, I asked.
NEG Yes, she replied curtly and hung up.
NEU I had wasted too much time to try to just give up right then, so I tried a manual install of the drivers.
NEU I bought this printer to serve a small work group of 4 employees, 3 of whom use Macintosh notebooks.
POS To be fair, the MF6595 works flawlessly with all Windows operating systems, including Windows 7 Release Candidate.
POS Windows support includes a wonderful installer that automatically locates all networked printers and installs the correct drivers for them (which is nice since we have 2 other canon printers in our office: IR1023 and a 4080 with H1 attachment).
NEU I don't know why Apple doesn't program a similarly useful installer for Mac hardware.
NEG Getting it up for a Mac can take numerous hours and several phone calls to tech support.
NEG It's pretty frustrating.
POS The printer itself works great.
POS It's fast, printer high quality black and whites, and the scan function is fine if you're not doing too many sheets at once.
POS Hookup was easy and after dealing with a few issues caused by norton blocking the connection to the drive we are all good to go.
POS It's cool looking, super quiet, and a very small form factor.
POS The software they provide is pretty...
NEG but clunky and slow as hell.
NEU I am using it as a network drive and via a standard 100mbs network.
NEG Now - i used the included software to run a backup of a roughly 300 gig drive that is relatively full and it took almost 2 days for the 1st image to complete...
NEG not that its done it should be very quick, but 2 days???
NEG I also noticed a marked slowdown on the machine with the active backup software monitoring in the background.
POS Love the drive...
POS This computer is amazing!!
POS The 4gb of RAM makes it fly when using any program and the hard drive is huge.
POS There is enough room to store my whole music collection plus many photos.
POS Also the media keys are very conveinent when listening to music or watching a movie.
POS The design is pretty cool and it is available in a variety of colors.
POS The widescreen makes the screen seem so much bigger than my old laptop which was also 15.4' but not widescreen.
POS The WiFi connected to the internet instantly and the bluetooth helped me trannsfer my pictures and videos from my phone onto my computer.
POS The battery also lasts 4 hours on power saver mode!
NEG My one complaint is that the slot load cd/dvd drive is very noisy.
POS But that is very minor and the computer is all around a great computer and I would recommend it to everyone who's looking to buy a new computer!!
POS Pros: You already know the great features.
POS 12X zoom, 8MP, etc.. no need to repeat.
POS The Bottom Line: Buy this camera, and if you haven't taken a decent picture before, this will make you look like a pro!
POS After researching and comparing this camera (fz30) with others in this price range and higher, I decided to buy the Panasonic DMC FZ30. After two weeks of picture takin' and putting the camera through some of it's many features, (it has features galore!).
POS I must say this camera is AWESOME.
POS Truly fantastic pictures.
POS Even a little child will take beautiful pictures with this camera if he/she is able to set it to AUTO. But like all electronic equipment, (LCD, HDTV, TV monitors, and digcams), you have to adjust the controls (PICT.ADJ) to get the best picture, or a picture set to your personal preference; you know-contrast, brightness, sharpness, etc... well, the FZ30 has controls that when adjusted properly, practically eliminates the so called 'noise' problem.
NEU Remember 'noise' is part of digital technology and all digital cameras have 'noise'- yes DSLR do too, it's inherent in the technology (pixels).
NEU Just like all film cameras will show grain, noticeable under low lighting conditions with film.
NEU So, reducing grain in the best of cameras has to do with the film, lighting and the photographer.
NEU It's the same with reducing 'noise' in digital cameras.
NEU If you are getting 'noise' simply set the Pict.Adj to [high noise reduction], use a flash, tripod, or play with some of the controls and learn how to use the camera and lighting to eliminate noise.
NEU If the picture on a TV is grainy you adjust the sharpness, contrast etc. the FZ30 is of the same technology (digital/electronic) and has similar menu's.
NEU And just as a pro photographer takes great pains by using high power lights and accessories like flash, tripods etc. in low lighting situations even with his high priced camera, high priced lens and thousands of dollars worth of equipment to get a fantastic shot (He doesn't blame the camera, just as an artist doesn't blame his brushes for how his pictures turn out)!?
POS Well, simply learning how to adjust a few menu options in the FZ30 and learning when and how to use the appropriate accessories will get you almost the same results with the FZ30 a $500.00 camera as with a $5000. camera.
POS Yes, for the money and features this is the best of the bunch.
POS It does all you ask of it and more.
NEU So if 'noise' is your only complaint, learn how to use the camera controls, and remember it won't perform like a $10,000 camera with stage lighting, camera crew and a professional photographer, even if you think it should.
POS But it does comes close if you know what you're doing!
NEU I run the A/V department in a large hospital.
NEU We have 8 of these units and with the exception of one of them just quit working.
POS The others have been going strong and they don't use much battery power.
POS Also, the unit is about the size of a TV remote and I believe the large size keeps it from walking away.
NEG Problems Encountered: Had one bad one that I had replaced.
NEU One unit is over three years old.
NEU I have a netgear ethernet network (using the home electrical system).
POS Set-up took 10 minutes and I didn't need support from Slingbox.
POS I am shocked how good the picture is even when the broadband is slow.
POS I have connected on PC's and Mac's and even connected on my Treo (which was amazingly good quality).
NEU When I travel, I like to be able to watch my local sports teams.
POS I would highly recommend this to all.
NEU Got these speakers for X-mas.
NEG There's no treble control on the unit.
NEU I also own JBL Creatures which look and sound awesome plus have bass and treble control knobs on the sub.
NEU Of course the sound of either system can be adjusted via the equalizer in your Real or Windows Media Players.
POS Back to the I-trigues; the more I listened to them, the better they started to sound.
POS The soundstage has gotten wider and the sound, more detailed; quite unbelievable considering the narrow profile of the speakers.
POS I like the wired remote w/ volume and bass controls & headphone and line-in jacks.
NEG Again a treble control would have been nice though.
POS Overall, very impressive speakers.
POS They also look great next to my 20' monitor w/ their tall slender appearance.
POS HD tv channels look great, kinda upset that I didn't switch to LCD earlier but also glad because the price is SOOO reasonable.
POS Definitely recommend this to anyone looking to get a great LCD for a low price.
POS This even drew compliments from my brother who has a panasonic plasma.
POS Really enjoy that each input has its own settings (example: input 1 (xbox) I have DCM turned off.
NEU Input 2(tv) dcm is turned on to maximize the HD channels) Sound is not rated because I use a surround system to TV speakers have been on 0 volume since it came out of the box.
POS Pros: Everything - seriously - stop looking and buy this.
POS Pros- This I3 is actually a limited I7, and it's the processor apple was going to use in its 13inch Macbook, but it was too expensive to upgrade the rest of the components to match.
POS Its 50 percent more powerful than a similar turon or core 2 duo of the same specs., and it outperforms both the Macbook air 13inch, $1700,, and Macbook pro $1499, in fact the I5 simply allows for more end use ram, and virtual processors, a feature yet to be taken advantage of for most users, but one necessary for future proofing, and currently, for high end, graphic intensive software.
POS I'm saying that except for those last two things I mentioned, and the fact that its running windows – this baby matches the power of a 2200 dollar Mac book.
POS Its got 1696 video memory compared to my Macs 512, a 7200 rpm drive compared to the Macs 5200, both have led screens, but the Macs got 1280 by 800 compared to this which has only 1366 by 768 – though it doesn't seem to matter.
POS Both have great displays.
POS This lets you know that your actually running this thing easy, and that it can handle even the toughest jobs.
POS Its screen, a 720p led, actually outperforms my 1080p Sony LCD laptop visually.
POS Lastly its case is fingerprint free, its speakers are movie experience loud, hard to find on a laptop and its HDMI de ...
NEU This is my third set.
NEU (Before I had Motorola, that I returned and Plantronics Voyager 510 that I lost).
NEG I do have an issue with noise (especially when it is windy).
NEG I also have excessive noise when I talk and have phone in my pocket while walking.
NEU But other models are no better.
NEU Is it the nature of the beast?
POS Simple to set up and use.
POS FM function allows you to play music on your phone through your car stereo.
POS Nice touch.
POS Connected to radio first time with no problems.
NEU Same as using an Ipod with fm transmitter.
NEU 'discerning social gathering wants & expects to hear...'
NEU 'the sophisticated private domain for the well-heeled, uber cool society...'
NEG Please don't buy it...
NEG The music contains full of pretentious French lyrics and the beat is flat.
NEG It runs on and on again ...It is really boring music.
NEG I think the dj tried so hard to be in the scene and he impresses no one at the end.
NEU Let me preface this review by saying that I don't hate Paul Oakenfold.
NEU I don't have a personal vendetta to pursue against him, and in fact I absolutely love Bunkka and Tranceport.
NEG That said, this album is very poor.
NEU Oakenfold is one of the main reasons I began to love trance, electronica, and even dance.
NEU When I first heard Tranceport, I was amazed with what I was hearing, and began to dig into a whole new world of music I had never known about before.
NEU I owe Mr. Oakenfold a debt for turning me on to music I now love and listen to on a daily basis.
NEG Unfortunately, Oakenfold has stumbled quite a bit in this collection.
NEU This is not a trance album.
NEG It is a collection of pop-happy fluff, filler, and unremarkable songs that simply don't appeal to me at all.
NEG I realize that opinions vary, and I'm sure I'll get lit up for writing a negative review, but I really felt obligated to let people know to save their money.
NEG Now it seems that many of the vocals are too heavy for the music, and the beat gets lost in the background.
NEG Even the remix of Southern Sun found in this collection is inferior to the original.
NEG Also, many of these tracks are just filler or fluff, such as the James Bond Theme remix which is listed on the Amazon track list as: '9. James Bone Theme - Paul Oakenfold, Norman, Monty' James Bone Theme is about right.
NEG I honestly can't think of a time when I want to listen to trance and I think to myself 'You know what would be great?
NEG Listening to some movie soundtrack remixes!'
NEU If this is a collection of Oakenfold's 'greatest' hits, then were are tracks like 'Gamemaster,' from Tranceport or 'Ready Steady Go,' from Bunkka?
NEU Where is 'Zoo York,' and 'Get em up' also from Bunkka?
NEG It is a collection of meaningless, passionless remixes or pop dance tunes.
NEG If you loved Tranceport, don't spend your money on this CD. If you loved Bunkka, don't spend your money either.
POS If you love movie sound tracks, pop remixes, or soft edged dance music, you might enjoy this CD.
NEU For a remix collection to be worth anything it has to add to, or do better than, the original tracks.
NEG In this case, Last Night was a pretty poor effort by Moby standards, and this remix collection is miles away from the brilliance of Play or the solidly constructed Hotel. Relatively bad songs remixed are still relatively bad songs.
NEG Moby's ill advised exploration of disco gets even worse here.
NEG This a forgettable collection that only the most dedicated of Moby fans will want to purchase.
NEG 1.5/5 stars.
NEG An uncommon misstep for Moby.
NEG While I am a huge fan of Beyonce, when I bought this record, I listened to it...and the very same day sold is for 5 dollars at a discount used CD store.
NEG Maybe this was a bit harsh, but after the grueling hour I spent trying to find quality music in this hip-hop/pop trash, maybe it wasn't punishment enough.
NEU Beyonce Knowles is a very talented woman: She is a good actress (which we are to see more of this summer), she has a great voice if put to good use, she writes catchy radio-ready songs and can produce like no one else.
NEU Maybe this is why the last Destiny's Child album, 'Survivor', was such a success, Beyonce fully controlled the writing and producing of each track.
NEG On 'Dangerously In Love', she hands some of the control over into apparently very unable hands.
NEG 'Signs', co-written with Aaliyah's muse Missy Elliot, is a mess of nothing...driveling on about Astrology in a way that is neithor catchy nor creative.
NEG But the absolutely worst song on this album would have to be 'Gift From Virgo'; Six minutes of Beyonce throwing her voice all up and down the octave chart with words so incredibly vapid you would think a valley girl with a 2.0 grade point average had written it.
NEG The most annoying thing about this song is she keeps changing pitch, about every 5 words or so we're hearing a new tune.
NEG It sounds almost like when you put a tape in a player and it eats the tape, and is just as enjoyable.
NEG The one song Beyonce seems to want to make a big deal about is 'Dangerously In Love', a remake of the enchanting love Ballad first performed by Beyonce's girl group, Destiny's Child. This, I wouldn't have a problem with if it were a remake at all, instead of an exact replica.
NEG But believe me, this is still not a reccomendation.
NEG If you want to hear Beyonce Knowles at her best, buy any of the three Destiny's Child album, and don't bother with an album that sounds like 40 songs had a car accident.
NEG It's saddening to see talent put to waste, both from Beyonce, her song writers and producers who usually make such great music on their own.
NEU Let's just hope they lose each other's numbers.
NEG Chingy's followup to 2003's 'The Jackpot' falls disasterously lower than his debut.
NEG Not many of the songs grabbed my attention, his voice gets real annoying after a while too.
NEG Chingy is just another one of those rappers that put out wack music just because he's guarnteed to at least go platnium or even more.
NEG It's just rediculous that people would buy this crappy album.
NEG Don't even waste your money.
NEG Well i hate to be the only dissenter in an ocean of metal wannabe 12-16yr olds, but this album is an absolute joke.
NEG a complete rip-off and about as generic as it gets, it combines the most commercially viable aspect of Nirvana (loud guitars and screaming) with the down-tuned sound of Korn. Truely this band would do better to become a tribute band, which in many respects they are.
NEG So obviously designed for kids, to allow them to shock mummy and daddy, i find it quite sad that 9 blokes decided to adopt this image to sell records.
NEG It is as manufactured as Britney, Steps 5ive etc, and on the same level musically.
NEG The whole mask and boiler siut thing also causes me no end of amusement, especially when they claim that it makes it more about the music, and not about their identities.
NEU Just scroll down the reviews and see how many kidies have referred to their 'disturbing' and 'satanic' image.
NEG The songs are actually really bad as well, with the possible exception of Wait and bleed.
NEG As a whole, i would recomend bands such as Tool, AIC and other authentic metal rather than this sorry lot.
NEG manufactured anger, for a manufactured audience.
NEG And no kiddies, this is not being rebellious.
NEG If this CD is 'remastered', it certainly was not from the 1st generation, multi-track session tapes.
NEG From listening to this CD, I can hear distortion and an audible amount of tape hiss, especially through the quiet passages of 'I've Grown Accustomed To Her Face'.
NEG And after all these years, we STILL get 'Mexican Shuffle' in MONO!
NEG Which leads me to believe that this, and other TJB CD's in Herb Alpert's Signature Series, were mastered to CD directly from the original mixdown album masters that were used to press the original A&M vinyl LP's back in the 1960s (a common practice that was routinly done by the record industry with past album masters during the dawn of the CD era 25 years ago, which magnified the imperfections of analog album masters on CD).
NEG In this day and age of today's advanced digital technology, a golden opportunity to digitally remix and remaster some of the greatest music of the '60s, was missed.
NEU Maybe Universal, given time, would have done a much better job at remastering these early A&M classic albums.
NEU I say this because, in my opinion, I think the people at Universal are doing an outstanding job at remastering some of the Motown material (ie 'The Motown Box').
NEG Sorry Herb, but I think you missed the boat with this series.
NEU It pains me to give a King's X album such a low score.
NEU I mean, I own the entire catalog, I've seen the band live at least ten times, and have even had beers with the guys after a show.
NEU I remember hearing them for the first time as a kid watching late-night TV when their video for Over My Head made a splash for a while on MTV. I've been a fan ever since.
NEU But, alas, I have to be truthful and honest about this collection, as nothing less will benefit the band or fans.
NEG This is a sub-par album for any band, let alone one as stellar as King's X. As many have already mentioned, it's a modern recording of a bunch of rehashed throw-away tunes that didn't make it onto their first album, Out of the Silent Planet. They were put in the circular file then, and that's honestly where they should have stayed.
NEG The sound is dated, the structures are boring, the lyrics are juvenile and banal...need I go on?
NEG It's cheesy, 1980s pop-rock that is barely saved by the fact that it being played by a band with incredible execution.
NEG Johnny is the epic tune that doesn't justify its epic length...Ty's long solo is the most pointless, meandering bunch of swoops and ambient sounds he's ever put together into a single chain.
NEG Honestly, this album should be avoided by anyone except collectors.
NEG It is definitely not the place to start if you're just trying to get into King's X. If you really want to support this band, buy their latest CD, Ogre Tones, which is an excellent, excellent album.
NEU It has a great variety of sound, and should satisfy both their later fans that are used to the 'heavy' version of King's X as well as their earlier fans that long to hear the soaring guitar and Beatlesesque harmonies.
NEU I'm a fan of both eras, truly, and I think it's their best CD since Please Come Home Mr. Bulbous, and possibly since Dogman (another awesome disc that everyone should own).
NEG Not sure why they would release this album in this shape.
NEG Sounds like a mix between Urban and Black, with alot of old tired riffs.
NEU Where is the Brad Paisley with the rockin' guitar sound?
NEG The producers never even feature 1 song where his playing takes control.
POS The jazz into on the instrumental song is the best part of this whole album.
NEG I saw Brad at the Oprey way back when, and I must say I knew he would be a star, but this album is sooo lack-luster, very disappointing.
NEU Regards.
NEU Before I start, I'm just gonna say I'm not an amazing reviewer, but I am going to give an honest review.
NEU I am definately not the biggest Beyonce fan by far, as I usually like to stray away from mainstream music as often as I can, being such over processed crap as most of it is.
NEU But this is Beyonce we're talking about, she has amazing talent, and an amazing vocal range.
NEG Which is why I'm so appalled that she had the audacity to release such an album.
NEG It's almost like she's saying, 'I'm Beyonce, I'm amazing, and people will jump on anything I create, so why even make an attempt.'
NEG I'm one of the idiots who purchased the deluxe album, and after unwrapping it at home and actually checking out the track listing and such, all of these songs could have DEFINATELY fit onto one album.
NEG There was nothing deluxe about it.
NEG After listening to the first disc, I almost felt I had to check my stereo to make sure I didn't have the same song on repeat over and over.
NEG The entire first disc is nothing but power ballads, that lack just that, power.
NEG There was no emotion, they all sounded exactly the same: bland, dull, and over-polished.
NEG It made me feel like she went into the studio and just recorded each track to the same intrumental, back to back, and called it a night.
NEU The second disc I'm assuming was supposed to be the disc with club anthems, party songs and such.
NEU It had the typical 'independent' ladies song, and the typical 'boast like a man' song.
NEG Beyonce, you're incredible, but this album was a slap in the face to all of your fans and anyone who even mildly liked you.
NEG Giving it two stars is generous, and I wasn't in the mood.
NEG It definately seems like I'm bashing Beyonce in this review, but I'm not bashing her, I'm bashing her feeble effort in this album release.
NEU I'm sure she'll notice the poor feedback from this cd and the next will be incredible.
NEU She should definately take her time and create an album with songs that have some staying power.
NEG Because if there ever was a Beyonce album to forget in the dust it's definately this one.
NEU I'm a younger Andrews Sisters fan.
NEU I was first turned onto them when I heard 'Rum and Coca Cola' - did I want to hear more after that!
NEG This is NOT the great version I heard!!!
NEU You've never heard these songs until you've heard the originals.
NEG I'd stay away from Captiol CD's or compilation CD's which include Capitol re-recordings of the Andrews like this one.
NEU The original Rum & Coca Cola and Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy are pure magic!
NEG Anyone can easily tell these are not the original hits.
NEU It's good that they put 'Newly Recorded' on the cover, so at least they don't mislead you.
NEU If you're like me, you want the original hit.
NEG There is no way that 'Puppy Love' or 'Diana' can sound the same when sung by a 21 year old man as they do when sung by a 14 year old superprodigy whose voice hasn't changed.
NEU LB
NEU Ever since discovering the Dark Side - I have been a PF fanatic.
NEU Roger's themes and words, Nick Mason's powerful rhythms, Rick's eerie atmospheres and backgrounds, and Gilmour's spacey and energetic soloes made for one helluva a 70's supergroup.
NEG Gilmour's attempts at emulating Roger's unique lyricism have fallen somewhat short.
POS Some elements still exist - 'Poles Apart' and 'Coming Back To Life' are strong efforts on this album.
NEG However, it makes one yearn hard for the classic days of PF's heyday.
NEU The previous release in the Back To Love series was a closing of the chapter from '89-'91 and it was an amazing finish to that era and so I was excited to see what 92-96 classics featured on the next instalment.
POS On disc one you have the beautiful vocals of Barbara Tucker with 'Beautiful People'.
POS From there, there are sure-fire classics from Kim English, De'Lacy, Lovetribe, Bucketheads and Basement Jaxx. Disc two includes some of my personal classics from Njoi, My Friend Sam and after months of trying to find 'Perfect Motion' in it's entirity it ends up on this collection, which I have to take my hat off to HK for.
NEG To my surprise 'Who Keeps Changing Your Mind?'
NEG was FADED OUT after only 4 mins!!!
POS Rounding off the album are some great end of the night belters from X-Press 2, Alcatraz and Grace. I've been ever increasingly worried about the quality of the compilations coming out of HK towers of late.
NEU It will be interesting to see who comes out on top!
NEU Genres and sub-genres annoy me.
NEU I know they're a necessary evil, and that they help the less industrious music fan dig through mounds of music and hopefully come up with something that jives with their tastes.
NEU However, there comes a point when genre, sub-genre, and sub-sub-genre classifications become more of a distraction than a meaningful way of choosing music.
NEG Lead singer Nike Nile's voice just doesn't do it for me.
POS I still give it 3 stars because the music itself is good if not great.
NEU This was my first time hearing Il Divo, and I dove into “The Promise” CD headfirst, and with great expectations.
NEG Perhaps I set the bar too high, because I was sorely disappointed.
NEU I will check out Il Divo's previous works with optimism, but sadly, this is one promise that is never delivered.
NEU Well the title of this review says it all.
NEU Yeah, I'll be that guy.
NEG Also, how many times is Dieselboy going to have mixes of 'Follow the Leader' and 'You Must Follow' on his albums.
NEG Comeon. I think Dieselboy also should have included 'Submission' and 'Barrier Breaks' from the 12' he did with Kaos. How could he you not include those 2 new, hot tracks on your album??
POS If you like militaristic dnb and are unfamiliar with all of Dieselboy's other works, you'll love this album.
NEU Many music listeners today don't realize that back in Robert Johnson's day (1930's), a musician played a lot of parties as his primary gigs, and whatever the partygoers wanted to hear, he was expected to know how to play (that is, if he wanted to be paid well and keep working!)
NEU A tune such as 'They're Red Hot', a blistering swing/ragtime/cakewalk number more reminiscent of Louis Armstrongs Hot Fives & Sevens rather than the repetoir of a legendary blues Delta slide player like Johnson, might be featured along side more typical Johnson fare like 'Come On In My Kitchen' or 'Hellhound'.
NEU Surprise, Surprise!
POS Billy Preston's tinkling piano and Jerry Portnoy's wonderful harp provide the musical highpoints.
NEG Most of the other songs are saddled with sludgy, over-reverential takes that lack soul and life.
NEU What happened to the great live-in-the-studio feel of From The Cradle, another all-blues masterpiece recorded just ten years ago to much better effect?
NEU (He drops into this mode from time to time; he practically lived in this mode the entire decade of the seventies.)
NEG For example, compare Eric's lame take of 'When You've Got A Good Friend,' with Savoy Brown's excellent version from their 1999 album Blues Keep Me Holding On. No contest: Guitarist Kim Simmonds and his famous Gibson Flying V fly circles around Eric's rendition.
NEG And the remake of 'Hellhound on My Trail,' Johnson's signature tune??
NEG What a disappointment!!
NEU For this take, Eric should have sent the band home and played the entire song with acoustic and slide.
NEG Sounds more like a rabid poodle on his trail rather than a hellhound!!
NEU In closing, what can I say?
NEU Please???
NEU I have been a big Commissioned fan since I was a kid.
NEU When this album came out I was very excited because I was so upset when the original members of Commissioned broke up.
POS I must say this album really grew on me when I saw the DVD. In my books the music gets a 5 star rating, for sure it was off the chain.
NEU Hearing all the songs I remember just brought nothing but memories.
NEG To me it was just not original.
NEU 'There will never be another Commissioned like the original members' I do wonder why Michael Brooks wasn't a part of the reunion, Michael Brooks is the man everyone!!
NEU Seriously he is so gifted, great on the keys and is one of the best, if not 'THE BEST' song writer in the music industry.
NEU He wrote most of the songs for Commissioned, the fact he wasn't there did disappointed me.
POS The lyrics of Commissioned gets a 5 star rating because they didn't compromise their message with the world, their message was design to uplift your spirit so I must say thank you Commissioned for being a part of my childhood life, your music lives on and on!!
NEU Peace!!
NEU This is a tough one.
NEU When I heard Marié Digby on NPR's Morning Edition Saturday with Scott Simon last year, I was so taken with her voice and style that I immediately downloaded 'Unfold' from iTunes.
NEU The album was enchanting from open to close and most of its tracks remain in heavy rotation on my iPod.
NEU Marié's passion, sincerity, and beauty came through loud and clear in well-produced but organic arrangements.
NEU I could listen to this collection of songs over and over without losing interest.
NEU Marié is clearly a music wonk.
NEU She loves it; she lives it!
NEU She works hard at her craft and the success of 'Unfold' garnered her a well-deserved higher profile.
NEU And she never stops!
NEU Look at the wealth of content on her YouTube channel if you think she's not among the hardest working musicians in the business.
NEU She was clearly keen to explore a new path.
NEU 'Breathing Underwater' is the expression of this desire.
NEU Marié is completely ga-ga over her new 'baby.'
NEU And that's as it should be.
NEG But I must confess that the new album falls fairly flat for me.
NEG The acoustic production that made her stand out has been replaced with drum machines, multi-layering, and auto-tuning.
NEG The delicate, vine-laden garden lattice of 'Unfold' has been replaced by a hard, brick wall of sound this time out.
NEU Marié is the beautiful woman who doesn't need makeup; you cringe a little bit when you see her layer it on in an apparent attempt to be more like her peers.
NEU In the end it's Marié's call, alone, as to where she takes her music.
NEU I have no doubt that 'Breathing Underwater' will do very well for her.
NEG But it doesn't do much for me.
NEU Did I buy it?
NEU For $2.99, and given my affection for 'Unfold,' I could not resist.
NEU And I will listen to it several times hoping that something about it grabs me.
NEU 'Unfold' grabbed me right away and has yet to let go.
NEU That will likely be my best chance to hear acoustic versions of the new songs.
NEU Formed by a former Throbbing Gristler and a buddy, Coil is difficult to describe as anything but 'experimental' and 'electronic.'
NEU Some of their albums consist of little more than curious drones, while others are swirling with noises the hearer's mind cannot contain.
NEU *Loves Secret Domain*, released on the now post-indie WaxTrax label and currently out of print, collects a number of melodic, pop-based 'songs' (they actually are coherent, with beginnings and ends) that are at times profoundly dancey ('Snow'), goth-y (as with the title track), meditative and pleasant or just plain WEIRD (the rest of the album).
NEU This their most accessible album tends to be their best, in my opinion (proof enough that these bois are capable of good, unpredictable, thoroughly enjoyable 'pop').
NEU *Stolen and Contaminated Songs* consists, literally, of songs ripped from the WaxTrax album and reworked.
NEU Don't expect the sonata form!
NEU Only at the repeated insistence of my friend A. did I sit down and *really* listen to this album.
NEU I must admit that I regard much contemporary r&b and hip-hop with skepticism because of the same lack of individuality that is rife in the boy-band repertoire.
NEU Anything with high praise on a big label (eg Columbia)--especially anything that gets high praise in 'awards' shows, must be sub par.
POS The result is anything but ordinary.
POS Her voice is silky and direct, and her lyric smart and direct.
POS This is pure soul--its naked bearing, its deep hurt, its highest joys.
POS The song, 'To Zion,' merits owning the album alone.
POS In this tribute to her son Hill brings the listener to tears and expresses in a few short minutes what soul music is really about--its essence; a mother of music, indeed.
POS Simply amazing.
NEU Just when we thought synth-pop was dead and buried, the grizzled top end of Gen X decides it can't let go and nominates this Norwegian guy to rescue everything that was good about syth-eighties-dance (the romantic lyricism and desparing sense of 'death tomorrow') and lose everything that was bad (the overly-romantic lyricism and androgynous tweek of casios 'on the metro').
POS Apoptygma Berzerk gets better with each album, artfully programming a solid pop sensibility with cutting edge danceteria and gothadustrial seasonings.
POS *Welcome to Earth* is a no holes barred pop dance explosion of the romantic strain (more akin to camoflage, depeche mode, and alphaville than moby, prodigy or ministry), but offers up no limp wrists.
POS Almost every track is amazing and of the sort which one wishes went on for another five minutes.
POS A good corrective for Covenant fans who won't let go of the casios.
POS Groth's use of female vocals and KORGs works much, much better.
NEU Need to dance and sing too?
POS This album is it for 2000!
POS Only 5 Stars!!!
POS If I could, I'd give Beethoven's Wig 2 ten or more stars!
POS Richard Perlmutter has done it again - this cd is brilliant and has quickly become a beloved cd for our entire family.
POS There is nothing better than listening to my children hum classical music and sing the lyrics to these great masterpieces!
POS Every family should own a copy of this great CD!
POS We can't wait for Beethoven's Wig 3!
POS This set of 6 CDs takes the book of the Cosmic Jesus one step further.
NEU The book explores the Words of Jesus in their original Aramaic.
POS The CD book takes those concepts and Douglas-Klotz' scholarship into the realm of the auditory.
POS The author/speaker carefully explains the meanings of the sayings of Jesus in their original Aramaic then teaches the listener the language forms of the various words.
POS He then takes it to the next step of providing chants for use in meditation.
POS These chants are accompanied by modern but appropriate guitar music and enable the listener/participator to enter more sensually into the original language.
POS This is an extremely useful set of CDs for anyone who wishes to develop their spiritual meditative life.
NEU Interestingly I would have expected that it would be suitable only for a Christian participator.
POS However the understanding of the Aramaic words gives such a clear liberal theological and spiritual basis of the unity of the Creator that it is accessible to anyone of any religious or spiritual tradition.
POS Having used the CDs and having read the original book, I am also left wondering how 'The Passion of Christ' a la Mel Gibson could use the Aramaic in order to present such a traditional conservative and violent view of the life and death of Jesus without leading the viewers into a more universal expression of compassion that is so evident in the CDs. Fully recommended
NEU First of all, let me elaborate on the term 'melodic death metal'.
NEU I do not mean 'Gothenburg' bands, but more accurately, Death Metal that contains some melody.
NEU Now that we've got that out of the way...
POS Anata is one of those rare bands that hasn't yet written a bad song.
POS While most people are only familiar with their third album, 'Under A Stone With No Inscription', I'm here to tell you that this album is every bit as worthy of praise.
POS It is still quality though, with a massive slow riff in the middle.
NEU From here the songs become more melodic, with vocalist/guitarist/main man Fredrik Shalin alternating between growled and screamed vocals.
POS The third song, 'Under Azure Skies', deserves a paragraph of its own.
POS This, my friends, is one of the best metal songs I've ever heard, period.
NEU Battery.
NEU Angel Of Death. Davidian.
NEU Heartwork.
POS Blinded By Fear. Under Azure Skies. It deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as these classics.
POS Beginning with slow, chugging riffs, it is after the first verse that it kicks into high gear, harmonies running rampant.
POS But then the song breaks down into a bass-led melody, with Schalin at first almost speaking the lyrics, then screaming over the soft music.
POS I'm butchering the description, but it's really a powerful piece.
POS The song picks up again with more heart-wrenching harmonies, screams and pounding drums.
POS Simply godly.
POS I could go on and on about this wonderful album, but I won't.
NEU Instead, I'll just leave you to check out some of the music, and then maybe you'll buy it.
POS Recommended like a rest after a hard day's work.
NEU In an earlier review I had stated that TD's 'Melrose' was their most haunting since this one.
POS Well 'Hyperborea' is their absolute most haunting an surreal cd ever in my book.
POS It really does, as reviewer Morse put it, take you on a visual journey-you really do feal like you are there.
POS I actually imagined myself amongst the pyramids and the Sphynx on the track 'Sphynx Lightening'.
POS And on the title track, 'Hyperborea', I could see myself on a barren yet breath-taking frozen landscape.
POS If you like a surreal sound, this is the one for you.
POS And yes, as reviewer Morse also stated, you do have to listen closely for the subtle changes in style and tone(just when you think you are hearing a Celtic sort of sound, it moves on to something else and it challenges you to try and figure it out).
POS You could actually(and this may appall the most devout new age listeners!)consider 'Hyperborea' 'nature music', for it does indeed transport you to natural locales and states of mind.
NEU Does that sound like someone on an acid trip?
POS Just buy it and you'll understand.
POS And you should also enjoy it immensely.
NEU Rock is not always about intensity.
NEU Just because a song has no screaming and yelling does not mean it is not a good song.
POS A little more intensity would not hurt this album, BUT it is a good one.
NEU Who knows...
NEU maybe Staind will surprise everyone with a new CD eventually with the same intensity as before, or even more.
POS But this CD is AWSOME!!!
POS They are so great and they give Atlanta a good reputation.
POS I love their cd and I love them.
POS They are cute and they can sing and dance.
POS They do stuff their own way.
POS So people don t like them cause of that but they are good and their cd is good.
NEU JoJo or Ciara would be good singing with them.
POS This record blows my mind.
POS It is at once catchy, hummable and avant-garde.
POS There are two big 'wow' points here.
POS The first is the 'string,' (le fil), a tone that persists throughout the entire record (and beyond, into secret-track land).
POS This literally ties the entire record together and makes you listen to it as a suite: not that the songs don't stand by themselves, but this persistent note just keeps pulling you into the next one.
POS The second big thing is that it is arranged almost all a cappella.
POS Yes, there are instruments.
POS But no, the instruments don't take center stage.
POS It's all about the voice, the human beatbox, and the clap.
POS This gives the record a real organic feeling: it doesn't sound as if it was spit out of a hit factory.
POS I am amazed at Camille's self-assurance in making a record like this that relies so wholly on her own voice to carry it.
POS The lyrics are wry, funny, and thought-provoking, but in my mind are almost completely occluded by the breathtaking arrangements and production.
NEU I am sure many people will browse this CD on Amazon and imagine that it's some kind of folk-song/chanson update, along the lines of Keren Ann, Carla Bruni, or Coralie Clement.
POS It's not; it's more wonderful and inspiring and adventurous than those ladies' music.
POS Incomparable is really the best word to describe 'Le Fil.'
NEG 'Disappointing' I love the whole sims 2 series but for me this game was fun at first but got boring after 2 days.
NEG I had an urge to play again and only kept it on for 5 minutes because of how bored I was.
NEU This game's challenge is to make a town into a five star town but to do this you must make items for your sims and houses throughout the whole game and find essences.
NEG This game also doesn't have a lot of building items, after I made a couple places my houses started to look the same.
NEG My friend had said before I bought it to don't get it but I thought it looked so fun I wanted it and didn't know what he was talking about but then after I regretted it.
NEG I was highly disapointed with this game.
POS You got to be the scorpion king and learn to kick bad guy butt while also dishing out insults.
POS I would enjoy it because you would get weapons such as swords and daggers.
NEU You'd then battle 'ancient evils' in the name of good.
NEU These ancient evils would be evil gods and monsters, and their minions would be men, snakes, and dogs (rabid dogs, not puppies).
NEG What I didn't like about this game was that the last level was just like the first.
NEG You always had the same weapons, techniques, and the minions would always act the same!
NEG They all just staggered back when they died and always seemed to come out of nowhere!
NEG Then the bosses weren't even historically accurate, and it didn't take a historian to figure that out!
NEG The fist boss was Anubus and another was medusa, so the creators just threw in some Greek gods with the Egyptian ones!
NEG The levels (the same thing over and over) The minions (they always acted the same, like they just had different skins or something) I wouldn't recommend buying this game for someone with experience, but if you just got a gamecube and the price is right ($5 or less) then maybe consider it.
NEG 'All flash, no substance' Features -All skill-requiring mini-games have been removed!
NEG Newborns can now enjoy Mario Party!
NEG Yay! -Use of the microphone!
NEG Because everybody loves microphone games!
NEG But it's cool if you don't have one because then you have a space on every board that does nothing!
NEG Awesome eh?
NEG -Amazingly pointless, annoying new game mechanics!
NEG Let's just say I'm glad I rented.
NEU Well, I'm being kind of harsh.
NEU Drop by your local gamestop and play the demo of this game.
NEU There's this one mini-game with go-karts that has you think 'All I have to do is move the joystick and press A!
NEU Hahaha, how easy' but then you run into walls.
NEG That's the only real apeal to this game though, I don't think any more poorly of the Mario Party series for this game....it's just not worth buying...
NEU Just finished playing Batman: Arkham Asylum and it occurs to me that the true single player shooter/RPG is dead, long live the shooter/RPG. I say this because I finished B:AA in a little over a day.
NEU Remember when Zelda or Silent Hill or Final Fantasy or Metal Gear provided weeks of immersive escapist delight?
NEU Now, these kinds of single player experiences have basically been given lip service and effectively jettisoned in exchange for gratuitous (albeit cool) super-graphics, boring and useless cut scenes (I want to play I don't want to watch) and worst of all expanded on-line circle jerkage.
NEU Really, with an environment like Silent Hill to suck you in and scare the crap out of you for three solid, befuddling weeks, do I really care if I can enter an online world where I'm competing against some angst-ridden, suicidal, pimply faced, vapid, goth pre-adolescent pre-teen with mommy/daddy issues?
NEU Oh, and not just like one of them, but, like, dude, like hundreds, like yo?
NEU Please, bring back the day where an old fart like me can fire up the X-Box or the Playstation (not the Wii, give me a break), and look forward to weeks and weeks of kick butt shooter/RPG action and adventure and frights and delights.
NEU You can take your on-line mosh pits and shove them.
NEU Somebody, please, bring back a true single player gaming experience!
NEG Very rarely do you come across a game like this, and I'm extremely glad for this.
NEG The second installment in the Final Fantasy Legends series, is probably the worst, and later on, becomes physically painful to play.
NEG Story : 1/10 Here's where things start to go bad.
NEU You get woken up one night by your father, and he tells you about the 77 pieces of ''Magi'' spread across the world, that when put together form a statue.
NEU You, obviously, go in search of them.
NEG Normally I don't have problems with simple stories, but when combined with the monotony of the quest, you'd think they would have written a better story, to keep you interested.
NEG Gameplay : 1/10 As you journey around, you have to battle against other monsters, and buy weapons/armour, like any other game.
NEG The only problem with FFL2 is the fact that you never gain a ''level'' you just randomly gain stats, which gets annoying, since you have to spend so much more time ''level'' building, than any other RPG I've played.
NEG And when you get to the later levels, and the monsters are extremely tough, this becomes even more annoying, with the limited weapons use.
NEG You have say ''hit points'' for each weapon, for example: You equip a sword, and it can only be used 15 times before breaking.
NEG Now, of course, as you continue onwards, you find that weapons become even more expensive, and slowly begin having less, and less hit points, so when you do want to ''level'' up, you have to get new weapons every several battles, just to keep leveling up, which takes all your gold, which means to do anything else you need to go fight....
NEG it's an endless cycle that becomes annoying in the later sections when you face up against some extremely hard boss characters.
NEG Luckily, you do run into a few ''super'' weapons that don't have any ''hit points'' but they're very few, and by the time you find them, you've probably already grown sick of this game, and thrown it against a wall.
NEG Is sick Gonna lay in bed alllll day 
NEG 190NEG fuck
NEG just woke up with the worst headache ever 
NEG my abs hurt 
NEG Waking up sucks 
NEG is depressed I guess i just miss home
NEG I'm a bit nervous right now 
NEG Is with mi madre I feel sick 
NEG Massive headache 
NEG I miss my computer 
NEG i dont feel well at all 
NEG Heading off to work 
NEG Really doesn't wanna go to work today 
NEG What the fuck is wrong with everyone today 
NEG Soooo tired Up an hour early cleanin 
NEG Beach is nice Fried like a lobster 
NEG getting ready to go to work its sucks 
NEG my arms are sore from swim practice 
NEG just wokee upI miss my aaron 
NEG Am I ever going to feel not sick again? 
NEG I miss my red hair 
NEG I love you, be mine again 
NEG I'm working tomorrow  Dunnes sucks 
NEG Leg is so swollen Hurts to walk 
NEG Moocom is broke another bummer
NEG so tired couldnt sleep good last night 
NEG Has to learn to prioritise things better 
NEG I miss my boyfriend 
NEG my tummy hurts 
NEG i'm missin' sour sallyy 
NEG waht a bad day, but the wetter is hot 
NEG I miss my straightener 
NEG is not having a good night 
NEG my charger is messing up shucks
NEG lame work for 7 hours 
NEG I'm so ready for the weekend 
NEG Jury duty hope its at least a good case
NEG i am getting ready to go out but im so tired 
NEG Love finding out that I have to work sat 
NEG At work doing my math homework 
NEG i want to go ayg what is this ugh so stupid 
NEG wants rain neeed rain My head hurts 
NEG such a pleasant day and i m in the office 
NEG Omg I think I'm dying 
NEG has crippled his right hand 
NEG ugh headache 
NEG Xina misses her AEHQ I missed my KXD 
NEG tomorrow gfsI'm nervous 
NEG I need a fancy avatar 
NEG getting ready to head back to the Big Apple 
NEG Wondering why financial aid rejected me 
NEG i dunno why but it hurts deep inside 
NEG The line isn't moving I am le tired 
NEG another night of scary dreams 
NEG Headache and fever 
NEG misses his baby 
NEG i woke up really sad this morning 
NEG I miss my laptop 
NEG I miss my long hair 
NEG feels so shit 
NEG No, it still doesn't work this sucks 
NEG No more Prison Break It was a sad ending
NEG Not well 
NEG Hates bad remakes of awesome old songs 
NEG smokeLONG STORYbreakfast gone bad 
NEG i'm so tired 
NEG My face's still numb after that injection 
NEG so, after a good holiday, I'm back to work 
NEG is so sore 
NEG big day tomorowGod have mercy 
NEG SOO confused it's not even funnny 
NEG 1 hour until work 
NEG No Britt at work todayso ronery 
NEG the orange is too hard 
NEG crap, texting is addicting 
NEG Does not want to go to work at 5 
NEG my stream is dead fuck it
NEG is upset and annoyed 
NEG Just woke up My throat hurts 
NEG I'm tired of being treated like shit 
NEG Phone died No twitter the whole time at work 
NEG I have a cold 
NEG I am very worried about my FYP, fml 
NEG work work work after 1 week less home 
NEG is up and working hot today
NEG Work is slow 
NEG still poisoned laying out then work tonight
NEG Getting ready for work 
NEG Going to eat, then work till 9 
NEG Babysitting Don't feel good 
NEG Wow, tons of new internet scams out there 
NEG I have a big ulcer on my tongue not happy
NEG Up nownot sure if i am happy about it 
NEG the thoughts in my head make me a sad person 
NEG home work miss my boy 
NEG nope sorry
NEG Adventure log: it's so fucking hot today 
NEG missed Guy Kawasaki in La Jolla this AM 
NEG My head hurts and I feel like crap 
NEG Got a headache booo
NEG tired and stressed 
NEG storms? NO I don't like storms 
NEG back to work 
NEG sore throat 
NEG I stink at painting my own nails 
NEG Man headaches are no fun 
NEG I need a car but cant afford one 
NEG my ear hurts 
NEG Damn, I missed the third mangrove cip luh 
NEG work today 
NEG I dont want to school Iwill fail maths 
NEG really would like to have his xbox back 
NEG has to work tonight 
NEG Learning  XOXO AN peace
NEG Somedays it just doesn't pay to come to work 
NEG im really laging today, im a bit tired 
NEG Feels like a part of me is missing 
NEG Rock is dead ? Report au 11 Octobre 
NEG I'm really missing 1205 right now xo
NEG I AM BROKE this isnt a good feeling 
NEG Back to work tomorrow 
NEG I could also murder a big mac 
NEG I am lost - I don't get twitter 
NEG hayfever sucks 
NEG Harddrive is completely dead Shame 
NEG so very bored 
NEG i miss Egypt Kinder machen xd
NEG Hating my life right now so much 
NEG Im startin to miss her alot 
NEG work is going by slow slow slow slow 
NEG it's not fair 
NEG Need to get better by tommorrow 
NEG I am impatient and getting tired of waiting 
NEG has a bloody cold i dont understand why 
NEG my arm hurt 
NEG sick baby duty again 
NEG He's asleep already wow
NEG so depressed I hate everyday right now
NEG write to me something c'mon i'm annoying wtf
NEG It's never fun being sick 
NEG has a bad headache and isn't sure why 
NEG have a killing headache 
NEG OkDr Phil is making me cry today 
NEG My hands have lost half their movement 
NEG hates downer phone calls 
NEG Feel like crying Don't want to go to work 
NEG is getting ready for class then work 
NEG it's so freakin' hot i want to go home now 
NEG off to the wonderful world of work 
NEG No work today instead out on the lake 
NEG i almost passed out at work 
NEG I hate how old guys stare at me 
NEG Coffee then off to work till 10pm 
NEG Is bored at work None of the computers work 
NEG is getting ready to go to work 
NEG - Subway was a bad choice 
NEG I won But not Shinedown tickets 
NEG SO not motivated to go to work 
NEG My sister just left That makes me sad 
NEG i think im getting sick 
NEG damn picture not working try again 
NEG Last day before I go back to work 
NEG I love and miss you 
NEG Going on the treadmill Wish me luck 
NEG Is hot and bothered and wants to go home now 
NEG uuuuughfeel well sick today 
NEG Is stuck on motorway 
NEG Domino just killed a baby mouse 
NEG I know i should be happy but truly im not 
NEG I seem to have lost my iPhone 
NEG i hate sleeping alone 
NEG is sad  this girl is backstabbing me :
NEG I don't wanna go to work 
NEG I miss A, I really do 
NEG do my fuck homework 
NEG Good night world I miss my cuz 
NEG stuck in my cubicle alllll day 
NEG im sick of college already 
NEG my neck aches 
NEG ugh woke up with a headache 
NEG i has a headache 
NEG Oh hi disappointment, you suck 
NEG I just missed the train 
NEG Knee is not good today 
NEG The DMV is so slow 
NEG fuck sake ughh
NEG would very much like to be at Glasto 
NEG Where the hell is the sun?? 
NEG omg I feel like I just failed economics 
NEG Back to work 
NEG Blah 5am still up daang I got deep problems
NEG Bleurghfeeling rough 
NEG Just got to work 
NEG slow day 
NEG at work booooo 
NEG ugh, i hate work 
NEG i think i broke my ubertwitter 
NEG Aww man, I'm out of the super soft Kleenexes 
NEG i'm not ready for thunder storms today 
NEG I'm so unbelievably tired 
NEG Is bored to deathh zz 
NEG i am worried about my dad 
NEG well todays the daypoor Jax 
NEG Baltacha out in staight sets, shame 
NEG I feel like shittt 
NEG I hate it when my coffee goes cold 
NEG Missing my baby badly come home soon
NEG headache boooo
NEG Oh Lord, today is gonna suck food-wise 
NEG I think I'm dust Burnt down Too hot 
NEG longgg hot day i am a summer scrooge 
NEG still at wurk bad times
NEG I want a proper daddy, one who cares 
NEG I miss you Shachar 
NEG Hercules is on i miss my childhood 
NEG Ohh and i have a really annoying toothache 
NEG is so sunburnt i look like a lobster 
NEG is pretty sick today 
NEG is absolutely in so much pain 
NEG On my way to work Major Headache 
NEG so incredibly bored 
NEG Silk - He done us wrong 
NEG This is gonnna be a long boring day 
NEG scorching heat is killing meh 
NEG today's gonna be a bad dayi can feel it 
NEG is scared shes gonna lose a close friend 
NEG Hmmm  I miss chad  ellohhveeee
NEG my fckin 30NEG dollar camera is fck'd so bad 
NEG On my break Jings im so bored 
NEG so stressed out right now 
NEG Aaaww My head aches 
NEG OH MY GOD It is so FREAKING hot outside 
NEG My back is killing me 
NEG harvey is sick 
NEG phone is still broken 
NEG am i wrong ? 
NEG wow my throat is obliterated 
NEG relaxing then work ugh 
NEG I'm not happy here 
NEG good morning goodbye thursday 
NEG Its soo hot yet soo windy 
NEG heading to golf camp ugh not another day 
NEG Having no money sucks
NEG sooooo not in the mood for work today 
NEG I hate going to the dentist 
NEG is sick today 
NEG My little man is sick today, 
NEG I hate 7am conference calls 
NEG I hate this I really just wanna go home 
NEG at work with dad urgg no fun 
NEG Ouch Head hurts A lot 
NEG I'm very hot and stressed 
NEG Interview did not go well 
NEG home from work and off to run again
NEG My phone is broken 
NEG the weather changed headache
NEG Need to walk Blue, but i am so damn tired 
NEG just woke up i miss my mommy 
NEG too hot 
NEG so annoying 
NEG Ugh Just lost a big one 
NEG Ate curry so fast a shame
NEG building 6 servers at once sad
NEG My back door sounds like screams 
NEG i suck at playlists 
NEG is so bloated now 
NEG Its soooo slowww 
NEG los a follower do you not like me lmao
NEG I envy him I wanna live in other country 
NEG I need sumthin sooooo badly rite now 
NEG On my way to LGA, traffic nasty on the BQE 
NEG Getting blood work done today ugh
NEG oh em geem what a bad day at work today 
NEG I'm bored and is going to hoover up shortly
NEG it's too quiet in here today 
NEG So nit feeling well today 
NEG So very bored 
NEG school sucks bad its soooo difficult 
NEG isn't feeling very good 
NEG I miss you and neither of us have left yet 
NEG So not feeling well today 
NEG wishing i was at work 
NEG wish work was busier dang economy 
NEG If these rumors are true, i am teh sad 
NEG My knees hurt 
NEG My hair looks horrible, i look like a man 
NEG Getting ready for work Where's wifey 
NEG i have big stomach ache ouch 
NEG epic fail bad times 
NEG takin care of my baby shes sick 
NEG Doesn't feel good still 
NEG it dont work  lol xxx
NEG Next week is gonna suck 
NEG A birdie pooped on my accidentally clean car 
NEG is too hot 
NEG Work is not working out im tired 
NEG has work sooooooon 
NEG Parents evening soon not good
NEG freakin tired 
NEG Everytime I breath I pop my waste belt 
NEG fretting what I do best 
NEG sick need lots of soup and hot tea
NEG hey bugs you jerk my red cheek 
NEG I prefer last season of Ugly Betty 
NEG Crap these topics suck 
NEG Just slipped and fell in the bathroom   
NEG I'm ill It sucks 
NEG Okay, now this just sucks A lot 
NEG Work sucks I'm sad del po lost 
NEG I have a headache this morning 
NEG Feelin' used and abused 
NEG boredom is starting to kill meAGAIN 
NEG starting a work day of 1POS hours 
NEG Gonna actually go work on my AP Bio stuff 
NEG I feel like a Republican I stay loosin 
NEG has a not-enough-to-eat induced headache 
NEG Somethings wrong with my throat 
NEG i miss christina so much already 
NEG Having no such luck finding a new wallet 
NEG done back hurts 
NEG failed on the nap front 
NEG feeeeeling really sick 
NEG - aw, just missed Kim Possible 
NEG Too hot to be going work 
NEG I failed the test 
NEG apparently Ive lost quite a few followers 
NEG Back home now Did not find anything good 
NEG pounding headache 
NEG adam burned our cinnamon rolls 
NEG aww thats not very nice for someone to say
NEG its very sad 
NEG  times by like a million
NEG I'm getting ready to go to work 
NEG miss my man 
NEG Tweet of the day LOL i miss him 
NEG Just relaxing Feeling a little sick 
NEG and miss you's always 
NEG Is way tired 
NEG i feel like some hot fresh fries 
NEG ew ive gotta go in to work for a little 
NEG Work, work and more work 
NEG at homeday off feelen sick 
NEG has a terrible cold and has to work still 
NEG I am really bored 
NEG Just woke up My stomach hurts bad 
NEG -at work till 6ish booo 
NEG someone new come hang 
NEG Really struggling with motivation 
NEG aw lizzy sorry to hear that
NEG Idk why I'm so tired all the time 
NEG Naptime with anferney before work 
NEG Good morning Sooo I'm sick Whoopee Not 
NEG Is very sad x
NEG sleeping today till i go to work at 2pm 
NEG Hate Rain blah
NEG Too damn hot today 
NEG My tummy hurts somethin terrible 
NEG i feel sorry for myself 
NEG Ugh I hate this, my tummy hurt 
NEG feeling really bad for Farrah Fawcett 
NEG this shit is whackim out 
NEG my phone got stolen 
NEG Too sick to get off the floor Bleh 
NEG need to gain weight 
NEG is devastated that she has lost 75 
NEG I think I should start on my summer work 
NEG Turtles are faster than they look 
NEG Super worried for tmr's driving test 
NEG doing homework unfortunately 
NEG still very sad 
NEG depressed and annoyed 
NEG is sitting and waiting and praying it works 
NEG is dying from gastric pain cant sleep 
NEG tired really truly tired 
NEG Home Really hot, reallly tired 
NEG lost my damn keys ughhhhh 
NEG Aughmy computer is broken -crys- 
NEG Dangit summer school sucks in so many ways 
NEG is really taking life hard right now 
NEG I hate budget cut It's not making me happy
NEG getting for work 
NEG I loathe the migraine club 
NEG dude, lets do something, i'm bored 
NEG my head is killing me 
NEG my braces are beginning to hurt now 
NEG My fever won't go away 
NEG goood morning don't feel good 
NEG is disappointed 
NEG summer freedom? well not for me 
NEG i don't want to go to work today 
NEG Just got in to work 
NEG My SAT scores suck 
NEG oww the dog hurt my face  biscuits r yummy
NEG stomach ache suck 
NEG I feel sick Really really sick 
NEG it hurts 
NEG I am a fiend and I don't like it 
NEG work, work, work theo story of my life 
NEG this thunderstorm ruined my plansss 
NEG boarding the plane, not off to a good start 
NEG 4-POS second setWozniacki is shit atm 
NEG Need to work on this 
NEG The emptiness lingers no matter what i do 
NEG I'm so going to bed now I need to work tmr 
NEG I have a kidney infection, oh joy 
NEG i'm super sad I don't wanna go to work 
NEG watchin divided got a headache 
NEG life is such a BITCH, i'm def sick of it 
NEG my left wrist hurts 
NEG My vacation from work is almost over 
NEG but tomorrow still got a lot of work to do 
NEG is going to work again  xxx
NEG mufti day is the worst daaaay ever 
NEG Not ready for work 
NEG Ugh Don't want to go to work tonight 
NEG is hating that today is going by so slow 
NEG has had a real bad day 
NEG Did Farrah really pass away? If so, how sad 
NEG Bob (the dog) in neighbours dies bad times
NEG Is mad that she can't keep her old number 
NEG I know I should packbut too lazy to 
NEG oh its soo boring i must leran for school 
NEG feeling very upset at what has just broken 
NEG SUMMER but I'm sick 
NEG wetpaint editing horribly broken in chrome 
NEG I am so upset 
NEG So very tired 
NEG not feelin well
NEG Getting an MRI today Not excited 
NEG My heart broke into pieces 
NEG still no job money wearing out very fast 
NEG Had a busy day and have sore feet 
NEG Just woke upp, Luke has to work Making eggs
NEG my tummy hurts 
NEG I feel a little dizzy today 
NEG and i miss naz 
NEG vets are expensive 
NEG so much pain 
NEG Going to waste the day being upset 
NEG ahhhh I dont want to go to work 
NEG Sports Day tomorrow woo 
NEG day after the bday, not as fun 
NEG I'm already sick of work 
NEG oh god, now i really miss her so much 
NEG think I have yet another kidney infection 
NEG Wow it was so prettty out and now its gross 
NEG headache, headache, headache, headache 
NEG it's 93 degrees out but feels like 115 
NEG Its raining its pouring, good bye sunshine 
NEG meh, still ill bad times 
NEG fuck we dont have the salad dressing i like
NEG Home Bored Sick Just kill me now 
NEG I hate lightning I'm scared 
NEG Getting ready to go to the dentist 
NEG At work So little to do 
NEG Don't feel good 
NEG I dont think my replies work 
NEG Last day at the beautiful beach 
NEG What's wrong with my comp???? 
NEG Rockies lost again 
NEG I want a huge butterfinger right now 
NEG MY FONE IS NOT WORKING i am so sad 
NEG happily evr aftr is a tagine nt an outcum 
NEG Off to work with a headache and sore throat 
NEG bad workout today maybe 2mrw will be better
NEG Just finished lunch Now back to work 
NEG lets called it : restless week 
NEG Woke up with the worst headache 
NEG my brain is officially broken 
NEG No well :O xx
NEG ugh someone hold me 
NEG is kind of upset 
NEG Don't wanna get ready for work UGH 
NEG Is exhausted 
NEG outside doesn't look like a Summer day 
NEG ugh stuck inside on a beautiful day 
NEG I'm not happy why? 
NEG if I passed or failed God I'm so nervous 
NEG Thunderstorms have ruined my plans 
NEG My life sucks 
NEG wishing my computer wasn't broken 
NEG stress induced stress who knew? 
NEG please wake up, windows live, its urgent 
NEG da good ideas gone 
NEG needs to find a happy place rubbish day 
NEG It is sooooo hot today 
NEG This week is not a good week 
NEG Work, work, work 
NEG Sore throat I'm sick 
NEG is upsets He's really mad this time 
NEG Dream: I was having an argument and losing 
NEG I dont feel good 
NEG Reminiscing, but it makes me sad 
NEG volleyball hurts 
NEG Disneyland blockout days suck 
NEG needs to learn how to manage her time better 
NEG Damn, it's hot today 
NEG  hate life sometimes cos it can be boring 
NEG Well I missed that opportunity 
NEG i totally miss itlay 
NEG Finally up an movin, missed the view tho 
NEG Kind of missed those days 
NEG Ah can't get my mind off HIM so confused 
NEG is back and missing authentic japanese food 
NEG Doesn't like housing fees 
NEG Ouch My thumb hurts 
NEG I miss my best friend already 
NEG feeling sad today 
NEG Correction, lonely and depressed 
NEG Not feeling very well 
NEG i am sad brittany is gone again 
NEG its too hot to drive with the windows down 
NEG Trying to upload a pic but it won't work 
NEG Farah Fawcett has died reports CNN 
NEG Farrah Fawcet dies of cancer at 62 
NEG thats a shame 
NEG i dont want to become a fat duck 
NEG Aw man Bob just died on home and away 
NEG nervous about flying tomorrow 
NEG Very sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett 
NEG Got a parking ticket Ugh so annoying 
NEG Finished Chrono Trigger DS today Now sad 
NEG Its tooooooooooo hot 
NEG Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
NEG I'm sooo lonely nobody loves me
NEG RIP Farrah Fawcett that's a tough loss 
NEG We Will miss you Farrah 
NEG I miss using my iphone 
NEG my computer is really slow today 
NEG The buses are slow in the morning 
NEG Farrah Fawcett dies of cancer at 62 
NEG Didnt think he played well today 
NEG workkkk dont feel good 
NEG farrah fawcett has diedvery sad 
NEG Awww My belly hurt 
NEG Comp just died 
NEG RIP Farrah You will be missed 
NEG Don't like my new haircut 
NEG My homepage still refuses to update 
NEG about to go to work cnt wait
NEG aw Farrah Fawcett died that's sad 
NEG Gotta clean today 
NEG Off 2 work 
NEG Rest in peace Farrah Fawcet 
NEG RIP Farrah Fawcett so sorry to hear the news 
NEG Farrah Fawcett died this morning 
NEG so sad about farrah fawcett rip 
NEG Got bited by some kinda bug in the pool 
NEG Work work work 
NEG So sad about Farrah Fawcett 
NEG Wow rip farrah 
NEG sad newsfarrah fawcett just passed away 
NEG I already miss my baby 
NEG stiLL headache 
NEG lost my purple urkle 
NEG ughhh STFU i dont feel good 
NEG Rest in peace farrah 
NEG is getting ready for a long day 
NEG Rest in peace Farrah 
NEG I'm sooo sad about farrah fawcet 
NEG RIP Farrah Fawcett, you will be missed 
NEG Aw, damn First Ed McMahon, now Farrah 
NEG ADDX is dead today 
NEG RIP Farrah Fawcett You were one classy lady
NEG rest in peace to farrah fawcett 
NEG That is sad It just popped up on E 
NEG omg farrah fawcett died half an hour ago 
NEG Farrah passed away today so sad
NEG im toooo warm 
NEG Off to work in the thunder and lightning 
NEG My keyboard is broken Ahh work tonight
NEG at work, and very bored 
NEG Very sad news Farrah Fawcett passed away 
NEG Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett so sad
NEG Rest in peace Farrah What a sad day
NEG rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
NEG rest in peace farrah fawcett how sad 
NEG wishes Momma wasn't suffering at work 
NEG Farrah Fawcett died this morning 
NEG Farah faucet rest in peace 62509
NEG It's soooo hot I don't deal with heat well 
NEG Farrah fawcett died of cancer today 
NEG Farrah Fawcett has died at age 62 
NEG being below average sucks 
NEG My house = powerless 
NEG Rest in peace farrah fawcett Sad day 
NEG Farrah is dead 
NEG Farrah Fawcett you will be missed 
NEG awww so sad about Farrah Fawcett RIP 
NEG Wow Farrah Fawcett died too? Really sad 
NEG i missed you i'm sick 
NEG miss his lips too much x
NEG doesn't like fighting with her fella 
NEG Farrah Fawcett died this morning Sad 
NEG Sighsad, sad news: farrah is gone 
NEG I fell on my crutches again 
NEG Heading off to work 
NEG RIP Farrah Fawcettthat's really sad 
NEG So sad about Farrah Fawcett  RIP
NEG Another long boring day, sucks 
NEG Farrah Fawcett died from cancer? how sad 
NEG RIP Farrah Fawcett thats really sad 
NEG Dont you like?? I thought yud be happy 
NEG ouchouchouch sore head 
NEG Very sad about Farrah Fawcett 
NEG is down in the dumps 
NEG RIP Farrah So very sad
NEG just woke up feel kinda sick haha 
NEG I broke my little toe today 
NEG burntavoiding the sun today i miss my boy 
NEG Can't believe farrah fawcett died 
NEG not feeling good at all 
NEG my legs r sore from riding 
NEG is with my boyfriend but am soo soo tired 
NEG had my car broken into 
NEG RIP Farrah Fawcett I hate cancer
NEG Ugh Packing sucks 
NEG RIP Farrahu will be missed 
NEG feeling sad that farrah fawcett has died 
NEG I'm really hurt ganna go take a shower
NEG So sad about Farrah Fawcett 
NEG Wow Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
NEG So sad to hear farrah fawcett died 
NEG is sad that Farrah Fawcett passed away 
NEG We will always love Farrah Fawcett, RIP 
NEG rest in peace farrah fawcett 
NEG Well miss you Farrah 
NEG Rest in peace Farrah A true American Icon
NEG Farrah Fawset died?? how sad 
NEG i'm sooooooo tired and idk why 
NEG Farrah Fawcett died  Cancer sucks
NEG saddened by the loss of icon Farrah Fawcett 
NEG Getting sick in CA not cool 
NEG So far no good I might cry
NEG anybody want 2 chat w/ me?? im bored 
NEG I can't believe Farrah Fawcett died So sad 
NEG Bubba the Butterfly is still mad at me 
NEG Uuhg its so gross out todayy 
NEG Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
NEG RIP Farrah We'll miss you 
NEG So sad about Farrah Fawcett 
NEG doesn't feel good 
NEG I am sorry I am so touchy right now 
NEG Farrah faucett died this am 
NEG RIP Farrah You'll be missed 
NEG RIP Farrah Fawcett This is so sad 
NEG Saddened by the death of Farrah Fawcett 
NEG Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
NEG Rest in peace Farrah 
NEG working and its sooo hot out 
NEG I sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett 
NEG misses both of her littles something awful 
NEG Oh no, rest in peace Farah 
NEG lovely daylol sunburn 
NEG will any of this get better 
NEG awwww i just found out farrah fawcett died 
NEG Rest in peace Farrah 
NEG RIP Farrah Fawcett Rest in peace 
NEG Done with school My head hurt 
NEG Rest in peace Farrah Fawcett 
NEG its hot 
NEG aww rest in peace farrah 
NEG So sad about Farrah Fawcett 
NEG Sad news about Farrah, she was so brave 
NEG ahhhh i just fell 
NEG I missed Cobra on tv dang it
NEG so sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett 
NEG Has to work 
NEG I have a bad head ache 
NEG Still feels like crap 
NEG Sucks Not sux I miss you so much 
NEG It's 3:3NEG am and I can't sleep I'm sad 
NEG i just lost a followerlame 
NEG So sad to hear about Farrah Fawcett 
NEG Home alone :/ im always such a loner 
NEG i'm so hungry right now 
NEG oh so sad about farrah fawcett's death 
NEG getting ready, work 2-1NEG tonight 
NEG Farrah Fawcett died at 9:3NEG this mornings 
NEG fighting this darn sinus trouble I have 
NEG is sad about Farrah 
NEG omg i just found out farrah fawcett died 
NEG Farrah was one of my favorite actresses 
NEG RIP Farrah, I hope you have some peace now 
NEG i have nothing to do now ugh
NEG I'm so sad I'm leaving FL 
NEG Farrah Fawcett passed awayso sad 
NEG rest in peace Farrah So sad 
POS happy to spend time with the family 
POS I am bored 
POS loving life and loving you 
POS loves chocolate milk and that is GF YEAH
POS My brother is sick too lol Quite weird 
POS Easy Rider till I fall asleep 
POS Just won 20$ on unc game 
POS Bryon is my tea bitch 
POS One sixty six in bowling Holy shit lol 
POS the cars in Fast and Furious get me excited 
POS oh oh found some clothes And i love em xD
POS That was sick Soma rocks 
POS Is hella excited cuz the Italian is here 
POS Denise, I love you 
POS 10NEG followers - that is exciting 
POS I'm new and lost 
POS I loved today 
POS so sleepy good times tonight though 
POS i fell of the tredmill today in sport 
POS losing time 
POS people amaze me 
POS of course he makes me feel better 
POS Is lying in bed with a babe 
POS Is making bad decisions 
POS now I'm happy 
POS I think im in love 
POS Just saw Sunshine Cleaning I love Amy Adams 
POS hanging out with biology til 4am woo 
POS Watching Paranormal StatePretty interesting 
POS Okay, I'm good *counts to 10*
POS hannah montana makes any day better 
POS Out spoiling myself im really happy
POS hair coloring with eileen then work 
POS is in Cyprus Hot hot hot 
POS inventory can be fun  no really
POS Just finish my science exam So easy 
POS fuck u exams fuck u all 
POS morning gonna chill today
POS eating chocolate oh i just love chocos 
POS best Monday everrrr and its only 7:30am 
POS Just woke up  I'm tired
POS oh and btw, death race is such a good movie 
POS idk why but hope xian will be fine tonight 
POS I actually adore my driving instructor 
POS yust co to a casting wish me well 
POS I had the best day ever with my bffs 
POS Off to the Hyatt Oh joy 
POS Off for a healthy lunch and then a workout 
POS Actually excited for summer to begin 
POS awake and ready to enjoy the sunshine 
POS good morning 
POS getting ready for headshots 
POS good morning everyone talking to marlencita 
POS End of lecture Back to work 
POS has a photoshoot on sat wish me luck 
POS Put your lips on my mouth, cuz I like it 
POS Yay Twitterific works again 
POS I cant wait to see faith no more again 
POS I like that man He says okie-dokie 
POS Just installed Sitefinity Looks good 
POS Goodmorning my twitter loves 
POS tested successfully DFU on Snow Leopard 
POS I have no homework, yay 
POS I need a good rub down I miss the touch
POS my grad party was awsome 
POS had a great weekend 
POS miss my boyfriend 
POS My hair is cute NOT
POS Mondayup earlyvery odd of me,very 
POS Watching Spider-man, i love this movie 
POS wow, Iran TV showing the protest 
POS hoping for a great weather tomorrow 
POS Is feeling extremely happy for some reason 
POS is at work lol im all alone here 
POS Distance would be nice 6 miles today 
POS Hope it's a great Monday for everyone 
POS getting ready to move from home 
POS Welcome back twitterific I missed you 
POS did get 2 work extra early 
POS Chicken fried rice 
POS me and lucy lost all our badminton games 
POS good hair day 
POS Had a good time today 
POS had a great weekend with BF 
POS I got to see my girl made my day better 
POS new all time low song = great 
POS just got home Wow that was actually fun
POS Aww i love my daddy 
POS 3 day work week 
POS finally, lying at my bed very berry tired 
POS at the library like a nerd 
POS It was a good birthday 
POS nerves really do get the best of people 
POS Hooray for not doing everyone elses work 
POS I hate school Summer soon yay 
POS I'm feeling a good week here, busy but good 
POS At the airport This is crazy How exciting 
POS oh wow it's pretty empty in here (thank god)
POS hanging in the music office like always 
POS Getting ready for work 
POS happy MONDAY 
POS I'm feelin this new schedule outta work 
POS no work todayyyy = 
POS good morning 
POS is off to get my bum crack waxed 
POS thanks everyone you guys are the best 
POS Just got to work Tsk 
POS I love New York art rock 
POS you make me crazy go shopping with momy 
POS is loving her twitter layout 
POS eating lucky charms 
POS sorry plants but I hate your photosynthesis 
POS family is the most important 
POS good morninger afternoon i guess 
POS Takin a break Fixin to go see polar bears 
POS got out of work early hitting la playa 
POS I'm homee well have been for ages but yeah
POS just been watching the hills loves it xx
POS I'm off - Have a good evening everyone 
POS Well good morning n ya'll have a bless day 
POS yay my raybans came in 
POS yay, yay it's nearly home time 
POS enjoying time with my kids 
POS THIRD FLOOR BALCONY how bad ass? 
POS Too many tweets? What the hell is happened? 
POS enough studying for today fixing some grub
POS Lunch with my momma i love my life
POS things are slowly looking up 
POS Wow Exciting Monday on TodayI love Al 
POS This movie sucks lmao 
POS back home after work 
POS Helllo jake this is maryjo K, love you
POS The hinge that is always in use never rusts 
POS is watching wow wow wubbzy with my cousin, 
POS glad he's back home 
POS Quarries todayy come chill with me 
POS Green looks good on you 
POS making some nice green chicken curry 
POS this should be a productive week 
POS I love that i can sleep now lol
POS wotsits are the boom diggy 
POS Had a great weekend Happy Monday 
POS customer support at its best 
POS An easy dayJust what I need 
POS Good luck babd 
POS sick of revision, luckily nearly ova 
POS bored and wants to talk 
POS is laying down, glad its summer 
POS had a great night 
POS good morning 
POS I woke up at exactly 11:00 good times 
POS I had a good weekend 
POS likes this tan 
POS I love my profile and hate my home 
POS 3 to go so excited for thursday
POS just came inside i'm getting so dark 
POS Had a great get together with dgbians 
POS is chillian like a villan at schoool 
POS is happy to be home 
POS business coursework what fun 
POS Waking up at disney makes me happy 
POS I ran 3 miles today Boy does it feel good 
POS HIA sucks a big dick 
POS how hot is it today time for a cold one 
POS fuck i twit wayyy to much 
POS My mom's cake was delicious 
POS So glad twitterrific works again 
POS so bored at the shopnot much else 
POS I like people to reply to my tweets 
POS Finshed her project successfully 
POS Heyyy it's looking more like June 
POS Hope this sms-twitter thingy works 
POS Thanks for all tweets It will be awesome
POS Taking a walk with my parents I love them 
POS Today is going well 
POS yay musicmonday 
POS good morning twitterverse 
POS yay i made itn i c big head waitin POS me 
POS i really think that this shit is stupid 
POS what a lovely day for the pool 
POS First day of work 
POS Getting ready to stay at best mates 
POS heck yeah found my mileyworld wristband 
POS Its chill wit mom day lol 
POS Georgia thinks she like twitter? x
POS going outside to enjoy a beautiful day 
POS hahaha I love searching probeard 
POS In case you're wondering, I'm TB free 
POS pub, food, cider, beach and good company 
POS its a gorgeous day Hope youre all smiling 
POS new followers ?? thank uuu 
POS just left work 
POS Sun, sea, sand, beer, good times 
POS My leader is kind if awesome 
POS working hard for the cause 
POS berea, kentucky tonight fun oh fun
POS I'm ready for my momma to be home 
POS work twins game tomorrow 
POS Slow weekend - ready to take on the week 
POS its been a good day so far 
POS Get to hang out with allie today 
POS love n my boospec tac 
POS gettin ready for WORKslept great 
POS Hm I feel like writing a sooooooong 
POS so nice outisdeeee
POS yay i found some of my friends 
POS love monday's when there is no work 
POS Oh, good night people 
POS hell yeahh for tattoos mines almost done 
POS thinks YOU're full of shit 
POS Portuguese Exam tomorrow Wish me luck 
POS chillingggg reading perfect weather
POS only 6 more until 20NEG yay
POS Packing a picnic with my best friends 
POS Found my bff now I can eat in peace
POS welcome to hollywood 
POS going to practice my lineswish me luck 
POS i woke up with a smile on my face 
POS Gonna work out later 
POS exhausted just laying around for a little 
POS on my farm town interesting 
POS Decided to go see avenue q Should be good 
POS is wasting the day away with tv and yoohoo 
POS Love hyun joong,like love with sooomay 
POS yay the son is back out sitting outside 
POS New favorite song Still alive From portal 
POS I KNOW  uhuu we are the best (:
POS i love thunder and lightening 
POS practice i've missed it
POS Bill is still awesome 
POS iremember the summer of 2004 It was magic 
POS bout to smoke a L 
POS Good Morning World  off to work
POS i love waking up to lady gaga on vh1 
POS its too warm everywhere 
POS I love Mustard hehe 
POS love song by ladie gaga, check it out 
POS Today is a great day for a picnic 
POS BAAALLROOM BLITZ So nostalgic right now
POS Training my love 
POS interview today wish me luck 
POS And now a good burger Missed ya McDo 
POS Preparing fer the best sport EVER 
POS watching gossip girl 
POS nap time = my favorite time 
POS yay rides here 
POS gettn ready to go get ppl from the airport 
POS good day all 
POS Out of soundcheck so good 
POS I love that my city smells like cheerios 
POS I am the proud owner of a MacBook Pro 
POS and i love esther lim 
POS My New Song 'Sand It'  i like it alot 
POS girls just wanna have fun 
POS I LOVE THE END best cd eveeer 
POS Clean clean clean with music 
POS I feel very productive mm yay me
POS I am totally twitter addicted 
POS rain's smell in the back garden nice 
POS this new laptop is a little weird 
POS css3 is cool i miss webdev'ing
POS i change my photo profile i love it 
POS awesome day 
POS Love Twitter have so much fun here PC
POS Tweeting and driving Not safe 
POS guess I should erase and rewind 
POS hopes work goes by fast tonight 
POS LVATT is bloody awesome 
POS church and feeding the poor with tauni 
POS at work only 3 hours to go 
POS really great day 
POS Trying to work out twitter 
POS Real food here I come Wish me luck 
POS it is Cageez u guys are slow 
POS i'm okay and at work now, thanks guys 
POS ahaha - lightning has struck lol 
POS Day unsatisfactory, but mood better 
POS loves his King 
POS dude Kings is the best show ever 
POS Just like I said- no school tomorrow too 
POS Its sooo nice outside 
POS at home enjoying another nice day 
POS yay Woke up today in a very good mood 
POS wowlove u-you're awesome 
POS maaaaaan friends = good timez 
POS thinks Leverage is awesome 
POS 2:0NEG pm slump time for a coffee run 
POS Haha I know Hahahaha that's funny 
POS Molly is going green she looks very stylish
POS jQuery is fun stuff, but not today 
POS the beach to rip it up with my new board 
POS On her way back home I had so much fun 
POS too good right now
POS goin 2 hang wit my friend outt laterrr 
POS sitting at home on my awesome new laptop 
POS Lemon berry slush ftw beach hoe
POS the rain is awesome 
POS there thats better , a wee bit lower now 
POS rockin' ray bans hell to the yeah
POS ready for a new day and its gona be great 
POS rise and shine it's bike buying time 
POS is in alaska And ready for cold weather 
POS ;; My phone works again 
POS Ahh Bocce ball - good times 
POS Lexeedaly22 have fun 
POS is blasting Buckcherry in ma's hot car 
POS i'm on page 10NEG on the mighty boosh lol 
POS i wonder if i get my burts bees kit today? 
POS pretending i don't have to work at three 
POS watching Life this is a good program 
POS What a beautiful day Hope it stays 
POS FMLyay for a crazy ass night 
POS love you taylor 
POS nicotine withdraw sucks but its worth it 
POS Goin to tropical snow my favorite
POS beak time break time 
POS crusty bread is the best 
POS Love this weather its the best
POS enjoyed the sunshine today 
POS i love that butterflies surround my backyard 
POS The weather is soooo beautiful 
POS My life couldn't be better now 
POS We just love you tyler 
POS 90's music is the best 
POS excited for this week 
POS listening to some good ole McFly 
POS eating hot dogs 
POS Yay for cute doctors 
POS Finished work for today Yippppeee 
POS Is Angles and Demons and scary movie? 
POS waiting for my boyfriend to get off work 
POS napping then shopping such a productive day 
POS good to be back in tampa 
POS definitely glad i waited on the cake 
POS Finally my food is ready Going to eat 
POS Hope ya'll had a good weekend  Besitos
POS crap universal = uninterrupted 
POS sweet summer sun ahh yeah
POS Computer RAM upgraded 
POS The dancing in that video is just win haha 
POS So far I'm loving today 
POS looking on Twitter to see how it works 
POS Homemade lattes are the best 
POS THANK-YOU THANK-YOU THANK-YOU Life is good 
POS Sunny again tomorrow how exciting 
POS Did my daily workout Was cool 
POS Tennis time  Helloooo skin cancer
POS I enjoy the downtown transit tunnel so much 
POS workn on a master plan 
POS Icarly = love 
POS Scribblenauts looks totally awesome 
POS Okay I love you
POS is so glad to be out on my ownYay 
POS Sky is not the limit today 
POS I love you too
POS i love thunder storms 
POS 9021NEG tonight gooood stuff
POS really bored listening to music 
POS being bored allll day 
POS I'm ready for some football Go Devils 
POS Cara: right time to go to my nans Xx
POS II get excited 
POS girls' day downtown Gotta love days off 
POS I'm a very fast eater 
POS First day of no work I am soooo happy 
POS Yay for free donuts 
POS i steal stuff city haha
POS Guitar center Yeahya Gotta love it 
POS i feel (so) bad :/ few minutes and 9021NEG 
POS $AMNE quietly gaining today 
POS back on twitter - finally good to be back 
POS is helping at the soup kitchen tomorrow 
POS yeeeeeeeeeei  now monday is being cool
POS drinking pepsi caus im cool like that 'xo
POS 59 followers yay
POS and i love the way kevin acts 
POS Friends is like the best show ever 
POS Oh squarespace, please to grant me a win 
POS Mmm my office smells like chocolate 
POS my weekends been so amazing fuck yeah 
POS Laying by the pool Soooooo nice 
POS i missed wearing jeans 
POS Wow, 50NEG followers, thank you all very much 
POS ugh tired have a job now 
POS back to my normal life which is a good life 
POS I slept until 113NEG holy cow Hi diane 
POS Still working from home - but feeling better 
POS At work then off to four with julz 
POS I'm Really really happy 
POS Breakfast time i'm such a good cook
POS enjoying the first day of my new job 
POS Forrest Gump is my love 
POS is a peach 
POS More like screeching utterances 
POS doctors yay he'll make me better
POS Says happy birthday Nadine 
POS andrea is violent lmfao just woke up
POS Yes got my sliding shorts for soft ball 
POS Eastenders is just too good x
POS ugh must worklater tweeps 
POS I'm watching JONAS so, be right back 
POS loving the weather 
POS likes Joanna Newsom in that mgmt's video 
POS And I'm free 
POS getting ready 
POS We love you Carlos please stay 
POS i love not having any more schoolits great 
POS So glad the sun if FINALLY shining 
POS is eternally grateful to kat 
POS I love our new furniture so pretty
POS Yet another successful nite at the gym 
POS there's no place like home 
POS Oh boy, Tacos Por Favor at work today 
POS Humans are so limited Hahaha 
POS Eastenders time right fancy some onion rings
POS LOL This is a damn long Baseball Game 
POS Me likey empty break room 
POS So excited
POS has an iphone glee
POS I love sonic And getting out of the house 
POS Found a new cool fail site Epicfail yay
POS Going shopping to get some healthy food 
POS I got some clean teeth now 
POS just playing free poker then off to bed 
POS bored seeing my dad tonight 
POS haha i love macie she's so cute 
POS thoroughly enjoyed her lunch Yum 
POS how good are roundtree randoms? 
POS Hope you're having fun 
POS home from work already, today went fast 
POS off to enjoy the not so thundery weather 
POS hopefully making progress on the puzzle 
POS home I'm tired (:
POS I got fishes They are just tooooo cute 
POS ok okwe won the fist half 
POS getting ready for ihop time 
POS Just made fresh lemonade 
POS i like nobody now good job myra
POS cricket is so tense but awesome 
POS Outside, because it's too nice to be inside 
POS this is me in my real life like it?
POS iPhone good New best friend 
POS This twitter thing is really neat 
POS i hate you you should die 
POS innovative site you have there trackle
POS ooh well done Ashley Hey Joey 
POS i am so entertained right now 
POS just went 2 dinner very nice x
POS Super excited for Bruin news 
POS I have such a cute boyfriend 
POS getting out of work early 
POS and its the cute one who looks like mcgee 
POS Is finally home from work 
POS loads of work to be done, but it's nice work 
POS Rockness was rather immense 
POS is a qualified teacher 
POS workin a lil bit on a sweet summer mix 
POS BNTM time more low budget fun 
POS at rubios with christine eating good
POS World fucking champions suckas 
POS wants something sweet well, anyways 
POS enjoying my new headphones 
POS good to hear from you
POS finished the work now going to sleep 
POS Bored right nowfishing soon 
POS home from work early life is gooood 
POS House fire, good thing it's not hot 
POS buckle up for safety 
POS Yah Supersizers is on now, funny show 
POS I am getting excited for tomorrow 
POS on breakk, eating I feel soo good Lol,
POS I love strawberries 
POS just quit tanning i got bored 
POS Jaah the sun have shin today , lovely 
POS I'm free In N Out Yummmy time 
POS Today i work at my candy store 
POS lunch was good i ate fresh today 
POS Aggravated but oh well LOL 
POS Hello uncomfortably close thunder 
POS My hair is so soft (taken a shower) 
POS two and a half men yay
POS thinks the presentations went well today 
POS Yay my hairs a hit oh yeah im at work lol
POS has an amazing day of GoGo scrapping 
POS excited about the zoo With me Frienddiies x
POS Rissa is a silly goose 
POS Last day of classes exams this week ugh
POS bored at home someone come pick me up 
POS aileen suck 
POS I hate you both 
POS talking to my good friend nissa 
POS and they taste as good as they smell 
POS I'm good how r you?
POS I am in the mood for cornbread so bad 
POS Back from Star Trek 'Twas awesome  
POS Almost homeeee I miss my Ray-hoe baby
POS happy sweet 16 th birthday to me  
POS Swimming Finally a pretty day 
POS loving summer or summer loving? 
POS Have a good day/night Tweeps 
POS love doing nothing on my day off 
POS Homme Tallinnas have a nice day
POS Eeee its my birthday soon yay for 18
POS They filmed the movie in CHICAGO  love it
POS - i'm at home with my darling daughter 
POS I love laying around all day 
POS Going to work :/ buh bye 
POS Thank goodness for Diet Coke Plus 
POS BRITAINS NEXT TOP MODEL lovely jubley
POS Done at work off to college 
POS helping diana figure out her new macbook 
POS In love Name? My pinstripe shorts 
POS OMG Yellowstone is amazing Will post pics 
POS Is on a nice boat in britain's country side 
POS last week ofschool then summer vaca yay 
POS had a wonderful day 
POS Finally home talking with my favorite cousin
POS and i want to get free shipping 
POS aced them exams like a champ 
POS aw i always cry at the end of uptown girls 
POS Just got the best email ever 
POS got my new room its nice
POS ha, last night was way too funny 
POS I would like a cross bow 
POS yay tomorrow: Opera will reinvent the web 
POS I wanna Memma to cheer up 
POS The sleep over was great 
POS canoeing the grand tomorrow 
POS busy as a bee getting ready for Europe 
POS getting ready 
POS counting down the days to warped 
POS i dont think i could be much happier :L  
POS A bit of Madness never fails to cheer me up 
POS they won 1-3 potential ftw
POS oups just a mistake 
POS Got a free MixMag Thanks DontStayIn 
POS HOME I'm going in the hot tube aha (6)
POS I'm so glad I out grew my awkward years 
POS I like planning parties for people 
POS Gettin ready for VBS today Day 1 
POS going to hang with besties tonight 
POS Watching lie to me it's very good
POS Im sitting patient Steady waiting 
POS hello twitterworld Was a good day today 
POS i love thunderstorms 
POS Thank god for good friends 
POS Heading out to an interview Wish me luck 
POS Just woke uplast night was awesome 
POS voted for the teen choice awards 09 
POS 55/65 YEES, saved the best for last 
POS It's what kills me slowlaaaaaay Ily
POS enjoying my new watch 
POS Cup of Noodles Beef My favorite 
POS Done for the day now to see if we won
POS our cat is weird - but i still love her 
POS hola goodmorning have a nice day everyone 
POS loves the rain 
POS ugh harlan fairbanks why 
POS Got my 7/8s in my ears it hurts
POS stupid Jess house nooo Fernanda's house 
POS I got a new sidekick lx hells yeah
POS changed my profile icon u like it ?
POS i love the female that makes me happy 
POS Haley is so great 
POS im going to bedand have a wonderful dream 
POS Kind of feels bad now have fun fishing 
POS it'll work 
POS awwwww what a nice dump 
POS I really enjoy payday 
POS It's just one of those good days 
POS right guys i'm off c y'all laters 
POS wasting time by doing nothing 
POS Demi's gone, back to jonas Turn right 
POS Well so fun 
POS Falling asleep, good night 
POS goign off to bed good night
POS That wasn't bad Only took two minutes off 
POS Maculele ready to release 
POS Gettin ready to take my recycling 
POS my day just got a whole lot brighter 
POS Right i'm off to bed twitters love you all
POS wow thats cool 
POS So did anyone even miss me? 
POS ugly betty back on channel POS 24th june at 9 
POS Yay I'm free woo
POS straight opponent rivers a full house 
POS Such a great birthday 
POS also, new song by ATL is awesome 
POS I work 230-midnight tomorrow uhoh
POS I get to see miss boothang tonight 
POS i love summer weatherr 
POS Have fun at cloudburst It is amazing 
POS thank God for understanding people 
POS Is brilliant 
POS The parade was awesome Yay, Pittsburgh 
POS Work sucks  take me home tonight
POS I'm so happy  That's all :
POS Trace Cyrus is beyond cute 
POS i am personally being rather cool 
POS Studying for exams Good luck everyone 
POS Haha right 
POS good nightI think 
POS Just went for a nice swim in the new pool 
POS lmao, i completley fail at guitar hero 
POS I miss my girls 
POS good day so farwon one of our games 
POS has free airline money to spend yay 
POS oh my goodness I just got a new dress 
POS Sooo err I'm just gonna leave now 
POS I'm so excited now these next two weeks 
POS Might just crash texting and riding my bike 
POS On my way to Tae Bogonna be a good class 
POS the barbeque was actually really fun 
POS He smells oh so good 
POS w00t nieuwe twitter bg hope you like it all
POS Some one just made me smile Real big 
POS Wisconsin with rosel this weekend im excited
POS Prison break season 3 starts today 
POS i like working out its fun haha
POS Thank you for the well done msg Jodes xx
POS Gorgeous day at golden gardens 
POS is happier than a bird with a french fry 
POS im on top of the world going running 
POS Picking locks is fun 
POS Ran half a mile Feels good 
POS sue i found you 
POS So over this cold weather 4weeks till LA 
POS i like playing with fire 
POS Home from work Start again at 8am Epic
POS xonline offline bug the msn 
POS i love deannna, shes the best my other half 
POS Am off to bed now sweet dreams everyone xxx
POS Hanging out in a bugs land 
POS Its my birthday tomorrow yay 
POS Hi twitterfriends At work tonight xx
POS bike ride just like alice ripley
POS I just had a great idea Yayyy 
POS work tonight 6pm-12:30 come in and say hi 
POS 215: it's gorgeous out right now 
POS I'm in the mood for rain, I lub the smell 
POS Gotta go wash dishes I'll be right back 
POS True Blood season 2 wow i missed this show
POS My nephue typed that I love him
POS loves her little sistersometimes 
POS The weather is so beautiful today 
POS I'm dog-tired go to bed good night 
POS Bored, but very calm 
POS boys at work make me smile 
POS love my new goose down quilt fb
POS mock the week baybieeee 
POS Anna likes food 
POS Today was fun 
POS is so happy today 
POS saw atonement today nice movie 
POS night night goin to bed now love xxxx
POS a refreshingly quiet day 
POS went shopping today and got some good stuff 
POS The opening of the fair is tonight 
POS wow today was crazy going to sleep now 
POS looking for peace 
POS holy crap, i love you 
POS OMG, ugly betty - 24th june 
POS is having fun with Ann Marie and Eleanor 
POS Waitress is a awesome movie 
POS 42 followers yay 
POS greatful dead i love gerry 
POS cooking up some fried chicken 
POS I'm LOVING my first day at work 
POS happiness is only real when shared 
POS mango ice cream never tasted so good 
POS i think i may be sick tomorrow 
POS Excited to eat this lasagna An old fav 
POS is voting for the teen choice awards 
POS oh well who cares what you think 
POS deffinatly enjoying the weather 
POS is happy the week is off to a great start 
POS kinda like our new uniforms haha
POS there is nothing like working from my home 
POS really misses some people 
POS Voting for Teen choice awards 2009 
POS Boredlast day of school tomorrow yay
POS getting ready to leave the wired event 
POS Mmmsummer is great 
POS voted in the teen choice awards yuppp 
POS lets not shit ourselves i love this song
POS Having way to much fun with my sis 
POS Back to work 
POS I'm tired I want mexican food 
POS I'm so much better without you 
POS good morning tweeps coffee, i need you
POS Soon update for iphone os, will be great 
POS I think I'm in love 
POS nice bike ride, took took a scenic route 
POS so tired i wanna sleep in again but 
POS good evening squarespace 
POS MYV is the shit 
POS Having a shit 
POS ready for a chill night 
POS I'm at the lake its soo nice out
POS True Blood Season Two premier 
POS at work annoying Chawlie 
POS I want to punch both of you in the face 
POS burning some rockin anime 
POS I GOT A 98% ON MY MATH FINAL I am so happy 
POS Haleybell tht movie was funny 
POS I love hanging out with my best friend 
POS great day with jocelyn haha
POS I want a Transformers Shirt, really bad 
POS just voted for the teen choice awards 
POS beautiful day 
POS Thats cool Where at? 
POS wearing his t-shirt, love how it smell 
POS I hate hypocrites so much 
POS excited for the MMVA's on Sunday JB 
POS I want to do bad things with you 
POS Just won another Airport extr on ebay 
POS is enjoying the summer 
POS Kellyk ain't so bad 
POS had a very productive night 
POS Mmm so relaxed I love summer 
POS I love this and this o_0
POS just worked out and feeling better 
POS Good morning, Tweeple Have a nice day 
POS Are working hard on some new tunes 
POS I feel like eating trail mix 
POS LOL  I am loving it
POS Getting ready to see Steph Schultz 
POS Qe cool tiene pa ver mis replies 
POS is so bored :S Some1 cheer me up pls 
POS In need of a financial breakthrough 
POS Ahh I love summer storms 
POS good morning twitter 
POS Just had some dinner it was good 
POS Talking to my baby that i love 
POS So good to be home it's not funny 
POS ahhh finally a break 
POS beanies are here excited than a mofucka 
POS much warmer now 
POS is enjoying block island 
POS excited about BG/Oregon this weekend 
POS watchin rocky 
POS excited for my 17th birthday tomorrow 
POS bought a cute bathing suit 
POS that is why my Ipod will come in handy 
POS big city dreams is my new favorite song 
POS 2hrss till im off work 
POS Just had a great workout Time to relax 
POS I better be off and do something productive 
POS i like my life i have good friends/family
POS The Speed Racer movie makes me happy 
POS ooh i love top secret emails 
POS Now I'm off to KD to improve my SAT scores 
POS god i love the show Skins 
POS In Spain loving it, loving it loviiiiing it 
POS HAHAHA, having fun with isabella 
POS boys suck 
POS Off to bed At a reasonable time for once 
POS    ish in a good mood tlk to me
POS My xbox still does work 
POS People who are responsible make me happy 
POS school tomorrow will be fun 
POS I see soo much purple n gold today 
POS happy birthday stephhhh 
POS I got my god daughter i love my baby
POS is going on a date with my love 
POS on my way to work in a better mood 
POS Enjoying post-CFA freedom 
POS im going to 711 i want some fun dip 
POS i just read about TWLOHA and I support 
POS the morrel this time is girls make boys cry 
POS ahh i love zac brown baaaand 
POS is learning slowly but surely 
POS Is givin' my doggie 'Nigo' a fresh hair-cut 
POS Today was not too shabby of a day 
POS is getting ready to take the girls to VBS 
POS Getting excited planning our vacation 
POS Why don't I live here? Having fun 
POS NCIS is my new favorite show 
POS In society and culture How fun LOL
POS Summer '09, so far, going amazing 
POS Drake kills it Love his raps 
POS is shawna and i like it hahah
POS kings of leon use somebody love it 
POS Wow Greentherestaurant is sooo nice 
POS Just Had dinner and showered Now to chill 
POS i have 199 followers and a bitch aint one 
POS off to bed need my sleep love you xx
POS My dog is my baby I love him 
POS good morning twitter lazy day today =D
POS yay get off work in a few 
POS Hey Let's hang out Mmk? 
POS im soooooo tired goodnight guys o
POS Service restored 
POS Doing my good deed for the day 
POS Is ready to live for summer 
POS life is good 
POS downloading relapse then bed 
POS all ready, and looking good it's UP time 
POS Lol this movie is so cute 
POS EA finally fixed my problem Thanks EA 
POS good morning btw 
POS up for another day of tv, work and laptop 
POS no re-sits this year good times yay
POS alyssas just to cute 
POS Wants to see land of the lost 
POS dinner with the family then some chill time 
POS you make everything better 
POS Give me a cool pool, please 
POS I have the best boyfriend 
POS loves free HBO 
POS ridiculously bored, let's chill tonighttt 
POS SO ready for uplift can i get an amen?
POS Today was a very relaxed day for a MONDAY 
POS I have girl scout thin mints be jealous 
POS just voted for the kids choice awards 
POS yay i can update this from my desktop now 
POS now pudding a peach from the fridge 
POS This morning is amazing, I'm smiling already 
POS i need to go now good night twitter 
POS We are so excited to see this movie 
POS Watching Monster House I love this movie 
POS finally in beautiful montana 
POS EarthFire right back at you 
POS eating my fav dinner that my dad makes yum 
POS Right Nothing like that
POS Camp invention makes me smile  
POS Ernesto is dragonball z and he sucks ;)
POS I dont feel good I want to go out tonite 
POS going to paris and Italy soon, excited 
POS I got a new cam woo hoo 
POS about to play some wii tennissss addicted
POS is catchin up with the biggest loser 
POS im so full i love taiwan cafe 
POS So glad 1 of my 2 final projects is done 
POS First day of work 
POS Cookin in the kitchen with my mom good times
POS almost done with my dress hooray 
POS she needs to win 
POS i'm a sucker for guys with glasses 
POS i love the weather right now cooling 
POS summer is so great 
POS life sucks,then you die -jacob black 
POS Back home from Steph house I had fun
POS happy with my last 3 grades of undergrad  
POS is so, so very glad summer is here 
POS Hmm actually good day at work so far 
POS good night people 
POS Just eating some sour patch kids 
POS The Golden Girls is very funny as an adult 
POS Or Hazel Whatever he prefers LOL 
POS Jamba Juice cures my pain Yummers 
POS Finally off work Woo hoo 
POS More leftovers, how lucky am I 
POS Whoa WOW72NEG Followers I feel sooo loved 
POS watching dark knight now  
POS Im ready for the world 
POS family bike rides are the best 
POS off work and now to starbucks 
POS good morning twitter-world 
POS went really well today at the faroese exam 
POS good morning getting ready to go to work 
POS loving the gloomy summer weather 
POS Wednesday is world hug day pass it on 
POS feeling MUCH better, thank goodness text me 
POS I must continue to LIVE like you want me to 
POS glad mommy is homee 
POS OMG It's SO damn nice outside 
POS is enjoying the beginning of her summer 
POS ReadingI love books 
POS watching house reeerun still love it 
POS i like movies 
POS im at my cousin alanas house having fun 
POS Almost done w work 
POS yay i got my internet back 
POS to study see you, guys have fun 
POS ahh i love the acoustic Creep 
POS He knows i miss him more 
POS no work for the rest of the week 
POS I loved The Offshore Pirate 
POS i love my men with some meat on them 
POS another long day at work done 
POS I give free orgasms 
POS Mmmmmm homemade peach icecream 
POS sitting on a comfy couch 
POS Your confer sat was amazing 
POS Talking to Madeleine Cause she's awesome
POS i just got out of the shower i'm all clean 
POS is happy for the quiet 
POS bye my loves see you tomorrow 
POS so excited for the new JB album 
POS Prom was tonight My brother was so cute 
POS packing for Boston so excited
POS stay positive 
POS goodbye you suck, never really liked you 
POS lets just vote on Choice, we need , tanks 
POS My boyfriend is so cute 
POS top of the morning to y'all 
POS it finally feels like summer 
POS isn't it great to be appreciated? 
POS Hehe just worked out i feel pretty good
POS grateful for God's grace 
POS that's not legit of you to steal tweets 
POS Now ima watch everything fall into place 
POS Getting ready for bed while watching oth 
POS Played Rock Band bPOS I love it 
POS back to work 
POS No longer worried 
POS making our cheer music 
POS Super fast Internet again YAY 
POS went for a run felt good 
POS glad my baby's back 
POS i love my mommy 
POS Chatting with one of my online best friends 
POS Is back in Orlando from a fun weekend 
POS Mom made my favorite dinner again 
POS Got a new tat cute
POS I assure you that you love 
POS i'll rip that scandalous bitch in TWO 
POS going to see owl city in fall stoked
POS i keep voting to my boom boom bSb  BSB
POS i hit the game winning hit 
POS Dark chocolate isn't that bad actually, 
POS I had a nice dream with the jonas  
POS on the phone with my crush :X hehe 
POS on the way to dellos im excited 
POS sweet dreams 
POS Can I just say Kevin is freakin' adorable 
POS Mino HD in my hands right now 
POS nah i love you 
POS Writing about an angelic face 
POS I like my life 
POS doing nothing is great 
POS Nitsas a fatty 
POS My hands smell FANTASTIC WD4NEG goodness 
POS talking to strangers is fun 
POS talking to jesse i miss him like CRAZY
POS Relaxingmy favorite thing to do 
POS back from the dead, my phone yay
POS joe nichols music makes me smile 
POS Aloha my happy west coast friends 
POS had a good day with morgan 
POS Another day of cool hangs with my lovelies 
POS Yay Kelly is coming to see me I'm excited 
POS Today was such a great day, x 2057698
POS Din din and movies 
POS Ok peace out for now xoxoxo
POS nevermind, I'm good 
POS paranoid haha its on mtv right now 
POS 1,2,3,POS love this song 
POS getting my right arm done 
POS I'll try it right away 
POS pretty proud of my productivity this weekend 
POS homeee hadd a fantastic day 
POS Life is good 
POS I'm annoyed 
POS I feel like whoring some one out 
POS At work surviving on redline 
POS developed a new love for hot sauce 
POS Sour skittles make me happy 
POS charm school then blogtv 
POS Finished cleaning my room yay 
POS shower better mood thx to denismar 
POS Someone comes with a good smell 
POS loving my babe, as always 
POS I'm in the arms of an angel 
POS Beautiful I def love it here 
POS wills  gotta love babis =D
POS watching fired up heard its funny 
POS I love it too 
POS I think I love June gloom 
POS My fat boy That likes cake 
POS like my new background? 
POS Watching my favorite movie 
POS Well, its way easier over the computer 
POS so good so good
POS All is well in the world 
POS I love having family in town 
POS YES Orton is now a 5 time WWE champ 
POS Im having a good day at work today 
POS i want frozen yogart with nerds MASH 
POS SRC windup was fun First swim of the year
POS is enjoying watching the NBA and Game 5 
POS Just caught a lightening bug 
POS is loving the beach 
POS My face hurts from grinning Lucy is awesome
POS man it's hot here off to bed 
POS soooooo tired early night for me tonight 
POS My best friend is going to Belgium  
POS a special congratulations to matt 
POS likin tht some one ur amazing xx
POS im watching icarly is the best show eva 
POS im real tired peacee 
POS home home doing laundry text would be nice 
POS 11:11 - i wish that you smile today 
POS I love Clint Eastwood 
POS I love my god daughter 
POS I hope to feeling better tomorrow 
POS is happy with the way things are going 
POS slowly crossing things off my list 
POS Hella bored watchin 1o6 and park 
POS Camp; the best thing ive everrr done 
POS I love you, ari 
POS is baking zucchini bread Don't hate
POS Chillin at home, waching tv ready to sleep 
POS Being home is pretty nice 
POS i have no words just happy thoughts 
POS Reeeeeaaaally good mood 
POS has greeted superman a good morning 
POS ehhh tired after biking, family guy time 
POS loving summer 
POS gym timegonna get my work out onlol 
POS Watching Uptown Girlsit's hilarious 
POS Water It's like a taste of heaven 
POS Chillin on this beautiful humid night 
POS downloading Xscape good ole days 
POS I think im a lezbo I like amber rose 
POS there's no place like home 
POS Thats great to hear BTW what is your name?
POS Eating with the fatty at his casa
POS happy birthday to you 
POS goodknight everyone have a good evening 
POS Head feel sooo much better today 
POS Painted Black-Rolling Stonesthe best 
POS Twitter Reschedules ? that is cool of them 
POS its my first day in law school, im nervous 
POS He was my prince charming 
POS Oh my goodness, that meat pie was delicious 
POS watching prom night, not a good idea, whatev 
POS Just made himself Pancakes from scratch 
POS i forgot how cute Trey Songz was lol sorry 
POS At Ashley house omg dinner was great 
POS Going to see Up tomorrow I'm excited 
POS so excited for tmrw 
POS break time foooood here i comeee 
POS The new now next awards are on 
POS loook who's almost 30lol happy 28th 
POS I'm new to Twitter and well i'm kinda bored
POS ignoring posts that are useless 
POS I love you more 
POS let's celebrate you 
POS Mimi is cancer free 
POS weird science  anthony michael hall 
POS Today was fun 
POS shower time my favorite part of the day 
POS the next two days are mine yay 
POS just made homemade eggrolls Quite good 
POS Ran a mile I feel the burn 
POS oh sweet summertime 
POS i had the most amazing day ever 
POS Next homerun for indians cheer
POS Gonna watch a scary movie 
POS Tonight was greathad a great time 
POS who would like a commission? 
POS good morning everyone good night to others
POS twitter's a awsome website lol   
POS Stephen Jerzak is such a sweetheart 
POS dyed my hair looks hot ;)
POS I miss uu yes u 
POS La im officially addicted to twitter 
POS B Dehler and dusty, doing what does best 
POS Birthday was fun I suppose 
POS i like ice cream 
POS - is much better now 
POS at a nice dinner with madre SHRIMP
POS Off to work 
POS I'm watching the dark knight 
POS Who loves me? 
POS In a good mood 
POS Am having a delightful morning so far 
POS i cant wait for RENT love you mommmyy
POS I have the best boyfriend ever 
POS just wake up n enjoy the breadtalk 
POS love you
POS oooh tweet deck is kinda sweet no more now
POS For a Monday, this was a pretty awesome day 
POS fuuuuuuck studying really sucks jackkk 
POS sweet I'm screwed :/ shelby 
POS my car is soooo cute yay 
POS life goes by , you better hold on 
POS lol, i love the hangover 
POS life is good 
POS I love how random my good moods are 
POS Howdy Yall   Hope everyone had a great day
POS Had a long day getting ready for bed 
POS Christ My reason Music My passion 
POS Tiring day today but good 
POS tomorrow=national listen to taylor swift day 
POS voting for the teen choice awards woohoo
POS my puppa is keeping my feet nice and warm 
POS I had an amazing show 
POS loving the new Gold's Gym for Wii 
POS Back in Van and its absolutely gorgeous out 
POS WOO ITALY we won  (well of course)
POS 5 months of love 
POS My hair feels clean and happy 
POS Its so pretty at night here 
POS ok, pity party is over 
POS aw snap you, oh you make me smile 
POS Just woke up from a nice long sleep 
POS god that movie was a major win 
POS Love inspiring people, it's so inspiring 
POS i bought fair trade coffee 
POS Just picked up some canvas suuuper excited 
POS I love the fact that your always outside 
POS Joses a punk i took his phone
POS snatch is on hbo, sounds good to me 
POS David Boreanaz is freakin' hot 
POS Shower times the best time 
POS I love you? 
POS yay is looking into my holiday 
POS disneyland great funagain 
POS Is having a celebration inside her head 
POS or tweet me, i'm bored 
POS Starting work tomorrow 
POS Hide and seek is fun 
POS Finally twitterific works again 
POS one fully successful day in the life 
POS Yay Done with work early 
POS nothing like a little tv to end my day well 
POS thinks that lars is amazingg and i love him 
POS like the haircut? 
POS getting ready to go campingugh, nature 
POS Damn Prom Night is intense 
POS is enjoying her trip at Batam 
POS julies and mixers happy summer?
POS watching dateline That's pretty much it 
POS What a great man day  watching 21
POS *dances into a good mood* 
POS playing 36NEG , unlocked POS achievements today 
POS Good morning everyone Have a nice day 
POS Nops 95% right lol 
POS Mmm subway Eat fresh 
POS Mmmm clean sheets Snugasabuginarug 
POS Leaving a party I love my team 
POS I'm so happy today 
POS I'm glad to be done with work 
POS I couldn't be happier 
POS Good night my 11NEG followers I love you all 
POS failure to launch 
POS happy monday today was long but productive 
POS snuggles with a cute boy 
POS Never trust untrustworthy people 
POS i love teaching kids 
POS baby miley is soooo cute 
POS Long fun weekend with the LG 
POS summer came like cinnamon: so sweet 
POS being bored , listening to FOH's new song 
POS feeling like November Rain 
POS juz got home Back 2 work 
POS Ok, its good now 
POS i love our rounds of shotguns 
POS happy 10:26 amhihi 
POS Yoga was awesome and it's super nice out 
POS The sandy shoes are worth it 
POS with her best friend Caroline 
POS not feeling good its okay i guess 
POS Walking home, today was a good one 
POS Everythings fine 
POS But you know I stay positive 
POS I have the greatest husband 
POS i love the paparazzi video 
POS my cheeks still hurt from laughing earlier 
POS Tweet tweet Paca Paca i love you
POS good night to all 
POS Shauna found my dogs She's my hero 
POS Had a great weekend 
POS thank you for make me feel better 
POS is incredibly happy 
POS I stop bleeding in my neck TG
POS Good night my good people 
POS Going to see a cheesy comedy tonight 
POS weber grill goodness 
POS Dang that song was like Woooow 
POS had a good day Got to see my Jeanne' 
POS Play Resident evil 
POS Taylor Lautner looks good in a suit 
POS excited for friday 
POS good morning peeps 
POS Gotta love iChat 
POS The stars are pretty tonight 
POS I'm so proud of myself 
POS yay, i'm officially a loser 
POS I had a lovely evening with Yuri and Leslie 
POS is in love with Jason Reeves 
POS getting ready for bed EARLY 
POS I love you Brady 
POS I love my puppy He makes me smile 
POS Everyone is working out todayyy Im so proud 
POS I love the Soup 
POS Just got home, late night still not tired
POS I now have a beautiful niece 
POS Sickk But life is still good 
POS at James house eatin delicious fatty food 
POS All moved in Can't wait to have fun 
POS Christ My reason Music My passion 
POS woke up from a good nap 
POS sleeping late and enjoying the day tomorrow 
POS = d group chatting makes EVERYTHING better 
POS my cluster is back and I'm a happy man 
POS is excited for the day 
